Eliciting priors from experts
What is normality?
What are some valuable Statistical Analysis open source projects?
Assessing the significance of differences in distributions
The Two Cultures: statistics vs. machine learning?
Locating freely available data samples
So how many staticians *does* it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Under what conditions should Likert scales be used as ordinal or interval data?
Multivariate Interpolation Approaches
How can I adapt ANOVA for binary data?
Forecasting demographic census
Bayesian and Frequentist reasoning in Plain English
Finding the PDF given the CDF
Tools for modeling financial time series
What is a standard deviation?
Testing random variate generation algorithms
What is the meaning of p values and t values in statistical tests?
R packages for seasonality analysis
Modelling a Poisson distribution with overdispersion
Correlation does not mean causation
Sample problems on logit modeling and Bayesian methods
Pseudo-random number generation algorithms
Explain data visualization
Clustering of large, heavy-tailed dataset
What is meant by a "random variable"?
Measuring the effectiveness of a pattern recognition software
PCA on Correlation or Covariance?
Why do US and UK Schools Teach Different methods of Calculating the Standard Deviation?
Can someone please explain the back-propagation algorithm?
A case of survivorship bias?
What R packages do you find most useful in your daily work?
Where can I find useful R tutorials with various implementations?
Robust nonparametric estimation of hazard/survival functions based on low count data
How Large a Difference Can Be Expected Between Standard GARCH and Asymmetric GARCH Volatility Forecasts?
What are good basic statistics to use for ordinal data?
What's the purpose of window function in spectral analysis?
What is your favorite data visualization blog?
Power of Holm's multiple comparison testing compared to others
What are some good frameworks for method selection?
What statistical blogs would you recommend?
Why square the difference instead of taking the absolute value in standard deviation?
Statistical classification of text
What is the best introductory Bayesian statistics textbook?
How does one interpret a Bland-Altman plot?
Clojure versus R: advantages and disadvantages for data analysis
Algorithms to compute the running median?
Resources for learning R
Free Dataset Resources?
PCA scores in multiple regression
Is there a standard method to deal with label switching problem in MCMC estimation of mixture models?
What is your favorite layman's explanation for a difficult statistical concept?
How to get to a t variable from linear regression
What methods can be used to determine the Order of Integration of a time series?
How would you explain Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) to a layperson?
How do you decide the sample size when polling a large population?
Choosing a bandwidth for kernel density estimators
Free statistical textbooks
Time series for count data, with counts < 20
How should outliers be dealt with in linear regression analysis?
How to choose the number of hidden layers and nodes in a feedforward neural network?
What tools could be used for applying clustering algorithms on MovieLens?
Cross tabulation of two categorical variables: recommended techniques
Data Mining-- How to Tell Whether the Pattern Extracted is Meaningful?
What do you think is the best goodness of fit test?
Open source tools for visualizing multi-dimensional data?
Group differences on a five point Likert item
Why do we make a big fuss about using Fisher scoring when we fit a GLM?
What is the difference between discrete data and continuous data?
What method to use to test Statistical Significance of ASR results
What is the best way to identify outliers in multivariate data?
Web visualization libraries
How is the minimum of a set of random variables distributed?
What are principal component scores?
Intro to statistics for an MD?
Recommended visualization libraries for standalone applications
Why is the average of the highest value from 100 draws from a normal distribution different from the 98th percentile of the normal distribution?
Using time series analysis to analyze/predict violent behavior
Variance components
How boosting works?
What is the easiest way to create publication-quality plots under Linux?
Poll: What is the best out-of-the-box 2-class classifier for your application?
How do I calculate if the degree of overlap between two lists is significant?
What is the difference between a population and a sample?
Poisson regression with large data: is it wrong to change the unit of measurement?
How large should a sample be for a given estimation technique and parameters?
Spatial statistics models -- CAR vs SAR
How to deal with the effect of the order of observations in a non hierarchical cluster analysis?
What is a "saturated" model?
What is the difference/relationship between method of moments and GMM?
Estimating beta-binomial distribution
Resources for learning Stata
In linear regression, when is it appropriate to use the log of an independent variable instead of the actual values?
When conducting a t-test why would one prefer to assume (or test for) equal variances rather than always use a Welch approximation of the df?
What approach could be used for modelling virus infections?
How does gentle boosting differ from AdaBoost?
Good introduction into different kinds of entropy
When to use null hypothesis testing?
Resources for learning about the Statistical Analysis of Financial Data
kNN and unbalanced classes
What is a good algorithm for estimating the median of a huge read-once data set?
Bias towards natural numbers in the case of least squares
The trinity of tests in maximum likelihood: what to do when faced with contradicting conclusions?
What is the difference between the Shapiro-Wilk test of normality and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test of normality?
What is the single most influential book every statistician should read?
Working through a clustering problem
What are the key statistical concepts that relate to data mining?
The Monty Hall Problem - where does our intuition fail us?
What are pivot tables, and how can they be helpful in analyzing data?
Testing (and proving) the randomness of numbers
How to tell if something happened in a data set which monitors a value over time
What best practices should I follow when preparing plots?
How to approximate measurement uncertainty?
Motivation for Kolmogorov distance between distributions
Introduction to statistics for mathematicians
Why isn't RANSAC most widely used in statistics?
What book would you recommend for non-statistician scientists?
What is your favorite "data analysis" cartoon?
Always Report Robust (White) Standard Errors?
Good line color for "threshold" line in a time-series graph?
How does random forest generate the random forest
Is it valid to aggregate a time series to make it look more meaningful?
Mathematical Statistics Videos
Negative values for AICc (corrected Akaike Information Criterion)
Variable selection procedure for binary classification
Dubious use of signal processing principles to identify a trend
In PC SAS, how do you copy & paste from the output window?
When can you use data-based criteria to specify a regression model?
What is the best method for checking convergence in MCMC?
Unsupervised, supervised and semi-supervised learning
Is there a standard technique to debug MCMC programs?
Does the cross validation implementation influence its results?
What ways are there to show two analytical methods are equivalent?
Under what conditions does correlation imply causation?
Does it ever make sense to treat categorical data as continuous?
How can I use optimal scaling to scale an ordinal categorical variable?
Why is ANOVA taught / used as if it is a different research methodology compared to linear regression?
Comprehensive overview of loss functions?
When to use multiple models for prediction?
What is an instrumental variable?
What is difference-in-differences?
What graphical techniques are used in Structural Equation Modeling?
How to understand a convolutional deep belief network for audio classification
Post-hocs for within subjects tests?
Is there any reason to prefer the AIC or BIC over the other?
Differences between Baum Welch and Viterbi Training
To what extent can we call a Geometric Distribution a Geometric Density
E-M, is there an intuitive explanation?
Something like E-M for discriminative models?
Heuristics for optimizing ν-SVM?
Why prediction of a predicted variable from a discriminant analysis is imperfect
How can one empirically demonstrate in R which cross-validation methods the AIC and BIC are equivalent to?
is psych::principal function still PCA when using rotation?
Open Source statistical textbooks?
What is the difference between a partial likelihood, profile likelihood and marginal likelihood?
Forecasting handbooks
Standard deviation of standard deviation
Incorporating boolean data into analysis
How to calculate the ratio of "data used in analysis" and "saved data for validation" from a sample set?
Where is a good place to find survey results?
How do you convey the beauty of the Central Limit Theorem to a non-statistician?
Best Way to Aggregate and Analyze Data
Best books for an introduction to statistical data analysis?
Automating statistical correlation between "texts" and "data"
What's the difference between probability and statistics?
What is Bayes' theorem all about?
Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics
How do I determine if a survival model with missing data is appropriate?
Data anonymization software
Dataset for multi class perceptron
How can I test whether my clustering of binary data is significant
Suggested R packages for frontier estimation or segmentation of hyperspectral images
Famous statistician quotes
Interpretation of coefficients in a first order Markov Transitional model
Use of Bayesian Search Theory in geological interpretation
Linear Mixed Effects Models
What types of data analysis do not count as statistics?
Is it possible to use machine learning as a method for learning stats, rather than vice-versa?
Operations research versus statistical analysis?
Normal distribution and monotonic transformations
Why (or when) to use the log-mean?
Normalization of series
Calculating optimal number of bins in a histogram for n, where n ranges from 30-350
How do I calculate the SE for PPV, NPV, and DOR?
When should normalization never be used?
What is the difference between functional data analysis and high dimensional data analysis
How can I link item by relevance?
Any suggestions for making R code use multiple processors?
What is AIC? Looking for a formal but intuitive answer
R lrm model with no predictors
Comparing the variance of paired observations
Regression output and Fisher-Snedecor distribution
What statistical model is used to calculate the test results for GWO?
Elasticities Using GLM
Fisher's Exact Test with weights?
ANOVA with non-independent observations
When should I use lasso vs ridge?
Training a Logistic Regression Model
Multiple hypothesis testing correction with Benjamini-Hochberg, p-values or q-values?
Correct formatting (capitalization, italicization, hyphenation) of "p-value"?
Time Series Econometrics: VECM with multiple cointegration vectors
Cross validation in very high dimension (to select the number of used variables in very high dimensional classification)
Series expansion of a density function
What are "degrees of freedom"?
What is the 'fundamental' idea of machine learning for estimating parameters?
Basic question regarding variance and stdev of a sample
Logistic Regression: Reference Category and Prediction
Online vs offline learning?
Modeling of real-time streaming data?
Separating two populations from the sample
Relationships between two variables
Test if probabilities are statistically different?
Determine if three is statistically different than ten for a very large number of observations (1,000,000)
Statistical podcasts
Measurement level of percentile scores
Probability Interpretations
Yates' correction for continuity only for 2X2?
Application of wavelets to time-series-based anomaly detection algorithms
How can I get R to stop autocompleting my quotes/parens?
Column Means Significance Tests in R
When is logistic regression solved in closed form?
Nonhomogeneous Poisson and Heavy tail inter arrival time distribution
How to reduce number of items on a multi-item scale where each item requires ranking four response options
Data Analysis Work-- Is there Any Freelance Opportunity?
Statistical test for n x m contingency tables
What are analysts looking for when they plot a differenced, logged time series?
Free data set for very high dimensional classification
How many measurements are needed to 'baseline' a measurement?
How do I reduce the number of data points in a series?
Spearman's Correlation Coefficient to compare distributions?
What would the calculated value of the standard deviation of a uniform distribution be?
Reliability in Elicitation Exercise
Is a variable significant in a linear regression model?
Where can I find good statistics quizzes?
Questions about KL divergence?
What is the interpretation/meaning of confidence intervals in misspecified models?
Is there a radical difference in how bayesian and frequentist approaches treat nuisance parameters?
Is Kolmogorov-Smirnov test valid with discrete distributions?
What is the major difference between correlation and mutual information?
