How do I go about conducting model diagnostics on WLS?
How can I obtain null and residual deviance/degrees of freedom for assessing model significance?
Is PCA unstable under multicollinearity?
Computing $(X^TX)^{-1}X^Ty$ in OLS
Measuring quantization error for clustering - squared or not?
Should grades be assigned to students based on a normal distribution?
Compare means of different variables
Interpretation of 3-way ANOVA
What is a good introduction to  statistical hypothesis testing for computer scientists?
Checking if two Poisson samples have the same mean
Determining if change in a time series is statistically significant
T-test for non normal when N>50?
How can I assess GEE/logistic model fit when covariates have some missing data?
Getting started with cluster analysis in R
Bootstrap confidence intervals on parameters or on distribution?
GLMM - test of significance
After the fact hypothesis testing
How to use principal components analysis to select variables for regression?
Which parameter on x axis for linear regression?
How to decrease the information loss from lag variables?
Using non-random sample to make population estimates
Can confidence intervals be added?
Simultaneous Equation System for logit/probit?
Calculating the MacKinnon empirical distribution test to test mediation
Summing normal instead of beta distributions, consequences for the density function of the sum?
Closed form formula for normal distribution including skewness and kurtosis?
Treating 'Don't know/Refused' levels of categorical variables
Are two identical time series cointegrated?
What is a purpose of characteristic functions?
Sampling error example
How to test if the mean equals the median?
When is a randomised controlled trial (RCT) balanced?
What should I be aware of when using multiple regression to find "causal" relationships in my data?
Can chi square be used to compare proportions?
Geometric mean and standard deviation
Clustering can be plotted only with more units than variables?
Minimum number of instances to create a decision tree
What are some examples of public datasets that have randomized instruments? 
Can a small sample size cause type 1 error?
Does significance test make sense to compare randomised groups at baseline?
Problem with R code for spectral clustering
Am I looking at a compound Poisson process?
Fast integration of a posterior distribution
How to assess differential risk of disease across three groups after adjusting for other risk factors?
Distribution of extremal values
What are examples where a "naive bootstrap" fails?
Identifying modes in floating point data
Learning material about time series
How can I assess how descriptive feature vectors are?
How to remove stopwords with Russian documents?
How to carry out multiple post-hoc chi-square tests on a 2 X 3 table?
Generator and/or interpreter of probability models
Equivalent of Tukey test for chi-square?
Prediction in simple and multiple ANOVA
Hot topics in mathematical statistics
Difficulty of testing linearity in regression
Using R online - without installing it
How to add standard error to plots in ggplot2 with R?
How to setup and estimate a multinomial logit model in R?
How to test whether correlation measures differ when controlling or not for a third variable? 
Mouse models - 'replicates' and analysis
What will be the probabilities of this trinomial distribution?
When is there no point in using regression?
How to compute margin of error with a given confidence interval?
How to create a new variable in a data.frame based on a condition?
Adjust a large set of Spearman correlation analyses for multiple testing
How to model logistic regression with continuous predictor in Bugs?
How does a frequentist calculate the chance that group A beats group B regarding binary response
How to create n time series characterised by a defined average and correlation?
Problem building multinomial logit model on huge data in R
Clustering spatial data in R
Model performance metrics for ordinal response
What is explosive variable?
Stambaugh bias definition
Can I split a series of observations of a variable over time into two groups instead of working with time series?
Binomial GLM post-hoc tests for unequal sample sizes
Do we need a global test before post hoc tests?
Suggestions for identifying key features
Active learning using SVM Regression
Can someone shed light on linear vs. nonlinear mixed-effects?
Transformations to normal for cluster analyses
What is this "maximum correlation coefficient"?
Determine whether a n-th finite moment of X exists
Generating over-dispersed counts data with serial correlation
Given two responses for two groups, how to decide what to test on response or profit?
Manipulating and searching data-frames
How to apply Kalman filter to geographical coordinates?
Space-efficient clustering
How to apply Kalman filter to one dimensional data?
Cox model with LASSO
How to compare vitamin D and glucose levels between patients and controls?
Time series factor model with one series more frequent
How to handle skewed target variables?
How can I use logistic regression to estimate the time at which 50% of a binomial variable will have transitioned?
Analytical solution to linear-regression coefficient estimates
ARIMA & RapidMiner
Working with Likert scales in SPSS
A list of tricks for calculating expectations?
Which non-parametric test for difference between three groups, of which two are paired?
Averages of random subsets of variables
Multiplicative mixed models for analyzing variety-by-environment data
What is the number of free parameters for a directed acyclic graph?
Calculating expected return
Changing null hypothesis in linear regression
Testing the effect of position and gender on salary
Constructing 95% confidence interval based on profile likelihood
Systems for symbolically solving expectations?
Market mix modelling with R
Predicting temperature time series with Holt-Winters
What is the appropriate way to test for a shift in probability using multiple logistic regression?
Getting started with neural networks for forecasting
Number of eigenfunctions for kernel
How to calculate Bayesian probability between two variables?
How to plot data output of clustering?
Where can I obtain more weather data?
Testing difference between two (adjusted) r^2
How can I calculate the autocorrelation of a signal in Mathematica environment?
What are the disadvantages of the profile likelihood?
Interpretation of a one cluster solution using the EM cluster algorithm
Effect size of Cochran's Q
Problem with pvclust in R
Is a predictor with greater variance "better"? 
Binning raw data prior to building a logistic regression model
Stratified sampling question
Addition of multivariate gaussians
What models and software are suited to modelling human decision making?
Selectively tweaking pairs() axes?
Application of machine learning methods in StackExchange websites
Statistical test for a series of data over time
Cointegration / multivariate case for 1500+ variables
How to perform logistic regression with lasso using GLMSELECT?
Formula for recommended sample size for multivariate testing
Having trouble with nls function in R
How to plot an ellipse from eigenvalues and eigenvectors in R?
Median of medians as robust mean of means?
Conditional probability and instantiation
How to print a single column in the output of forecast function in R forecast package?
Sampling dataset, choosing among N dimensions
Elasticity of log-log regression
Meaning of this expectation equation?
How to compute correlation between/within groups of variables?
Assumption of additivity for intra-class correlation
Is there any use for the quantity $\int f(x)^2 dx$ in statistics or information theory?
Symmetric fat-tailed distributions where $\mathbb{E} e^X < \infty$
Does it make sense for a partial correlation to be larger than a zero-order correlation?
Exponentially weighted moving linear regression
Finding the column index by its name in R
Few random variables cannot influence $n$ independent others too much?
Does $Y=\alpha X + \beta$ hold for multivariate gaussian density?
Centroid matching problem
Cross variogram with a moving window
Intuitive explanation of stationarity
Calibrated boosted decision trees in R or MATLAB
What is covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy?
Multiclass logistic regression with mlogit in R
Testing a model with truncated data
Software for LASSO for high dimensional dataset
How to connect two neural networks with Encog?
Is MANOVA the correct way to handle multiple response variables that are additive?
Getting started with creating an index based on multiple survey items
Modeling multinomial problems with unknown sample size in BUGS
What is the meaning of rank in the context of change-detection?
When does the amount of skew or prevalence of outliers make the median preferable to the mean?
Can cluster analysis cluster variables that both positively and negatively correlate with each other?
What are the differences between "Mixed Effects Modelling" and "Latent Growth Modelling"?
Information on how value of k in k-fold cross-validation affects resulting accuracies
Implementations of the Random Forest algorithm
When should I *not* permit a fixed effect to vary across levels of a random effect in a mixed effects model?
Is it worthwhile to publish at the refereed wiki StatProb.com?
How to convert a table into a graph in R
Marginal distribution of the diagonal of an inverse Wishart distributed matrix
Need to find correlation between two entities
Spectral data pattern recognition
How to differentiate two subgroups from a histogram?
Exogenous variables in VECM
Standard error clustering in R (either manually or in plm)
Comparing importance of different sets of predictors
New mean calculation in multivariate gaussian
Cycling in k-means algorithm
Difference between K-S manual test and K-S test with R?
How to handle categorical dependent variable using logistic regression when one of the categories never occurs in the sample
R glm probit regression marginal effects
Fitting the moving average model
Conducting correlation and one way ANOVA using data from a PostgreSQL database
Can slopes in linear regressions be used as the independent or dependent variables in other regression models?
Free public interest data hosting?
Improving accuracy of a binary classification when the target is unbalanced
Is there a repeated measures aware version of the logrank test?
NaN p-value when using R's goodfit on binomial data
How to convert a table into a graph in R
Classification in a applied financial setting
Reality check using glm
Two-stage clustering in R
Which R package to use to calculate component parameters for a mixture model
p-value NaN when using goodfit() on binomial data
Mean and median in Zipf's  distribution
How to get a redundancy index when performing canonical correlation analysis in SPSS?
Maximum of two (or more) gaussian distributions with known and possibly different means/variances
Where can I find name data for US census years other than 1990?
What is the practical application of variance?
Pearson correlation coefficient using MATLAB when standard deviation of one variable is zero 
Rules of thumb for minimum sample size for multiple regression
Accounting for biases in the data (normalizing? detrending?)
How different random number generators can be more similar than identical ones?
How to determine optimal number of clusters?
How to handle multiple comparisons in a three-arm clinical trial?
What does "20/ln(2)" mean in logistic regression?
How to interpret results of dimensionality reduction/multidimensional scaling?
Estimating Lambda for Box Cox transformation for ANOVA
How to test the effect of various manipulations of an independent variable on a dependent variable in a timeseries?
How to embed measurement uncertainty in a two-proportion z-test?
Is it impossible for clinical and laboratory data to be normally distributed?
Lagged Variables in R
How to exploit periodicity to reduce noise of a signal?
Calculating p-value for a two-way ANOVA
Describe how a domestic fast food chain with plans for expanding into China would be able to use a forecasting model
Beginner to prediction/statistics: Where do I start?
Generate random correlation matrix that has approximately normal entries
Looking for sparse and high-dimensional clustering implementation
Interpretation of odds ratio when outcome is a percentage
Data mining approaches for analysis of sequential data with nominal attributes
Power analysis for moderator effect in regression with two continuous predictors
Discrete choice panel models in R
Formula or procedure for computing standard statistical tables such as z table, Student's t-table, or chi-square table
Predicting index from multiple predictors using panel data over 10 years: logit or probit? Fixed or random?
Unexpected singularities in the Hessian matrix error in multinomial logistic regression
Forecasting methods
Converting a vector to a vector of standard units in R
Predicting a future data value with regression
One-inflated negative binomial?
Representing traffic use forecasts graphically
Estimates diverging using continuous probabilities in logistic regression
Find expected value using cdf
What are some ways to graphically display non-normal distributions in Excel?
How to apply Neural Network to time series forecasting?
Bootstrapped parameter and fit estimates with non-normality for structural equation models
$\chi^2$ test of homogeneity for three-way contingency table
Random permutation test for feature selection
Smart date parsing in R?
How to calculate sample size for a one-sided test on a rxs contigency table
Intraclass correlation coefficient vs. F-test (one-way ANOVA)?
Vector quantisation: empirically determining the variance
Debugging JAGS and BUGS
Repeating an experiment - more valuable than sample size?
Counterexample for interaction and parallel curves?
How to understand moments for a random variable?
Clustering elements by access counts in sessions
Is there a name for the high sensitivity of frequency of extreme data points to the mean of a normal distribution?
How to split a numeric variable into a binary low-high variable
Conditions for Central Limit Theorem for dependent sequences
How to find the number of runs?
How to evaluate "external" quality of clustering?
Complications of having a very small sample in a structural equation model
Can someone explain Gibbs sampling in very simple words?
Most suitable distributions for modeling Monte Carlo Simulations
Model selection in Weka through cross validation for regression problems
Taking the mean of a data set with a skewed distribution
Extracting multiple columns from a matrix in R
How to shuffle matrix data in R?
Automating determination of number of clusters from a kmeans cluster analysis
Meaning of probability notations $P(z;d,w)$ and $P(z|d,w)$
Applying logistic regression with low event rate
Even more with the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test with R software
These two variables are almost uncorrelated. What else can I say?
Modeling membership function given some survey data or empirical distribution
What is simple coincidence?
How to summarize and compare non-linear relationships?
How to find principal components without matrix algebra?
Derivation of E step in EM algorithm
What is a "tempered EM algorithm"?
Predicting forecasts for next 12 months using Box-Jenkins
Tobit model with t-distribution
Automatic threshold determination for anomaly detection
Robust correlation in R, directionality
Best model for change in scores over three time points
Advantages of approaching a problem by formulating a cost function that is globally optimizable
Analyzing historical incident rates and rating future performance
Sample size required for mixed design ANOVA to achieve adequate statistical power
What's the difference between Normalization and Standardization?
Optimize a boolean function
"Interestingness" function for StackExchange questions
What is perplexity?
Using an OLS coefficient to estimate a non-linear coefficient
Likelihood ratio test vs. $\chi^2$/Z-test for comparing binomial datasets
How to remove trend with no look ahead bias?
Friedman's test and post-hoc analysis
Wired residuals in linear regression
Interpreting logistic regression output in R
Determing noise type and level of noise
What distribution pluffy to buy for an aspiring econometrician?
What does inverse-chi-square in Fisher method (classifying) exactly do?
Using R's phyper to get the probability of list overlap
Symbolic computer algebra for statistics
How to use rejection sampling to generate draws from Unit Exponential
$Var(x^2)$, if $Var(x)=\sigma^2$
Bootstrapping data envelopment analysis efficiency score using R
Panel Data: In a fixed effects model, does auto-correlation introduce bias?
When estimating variance, why do unbiased estimators divide by n-1 yet maximum likelihood estimates divide by n?
Is it problematic if one predictor in a set accounts for almost all the prediction?
Making a heatmap with a precomputed distance matrix and data matrix in R
Advice on missing value imputation
How to analyse repeated measure ANOVA with three or more conditions presented in randomised order?
Sample size needed to find all error values
Is a logistic regression biased when the outcome variable is split 5% - 95%?
Generating dependent time series from a given distribution?
Bayes rule and base rate
Data mining: How should I go about finding the functional form?
Using LaTeX expression in gnuplot
Distribution of 'unmixed' parts based on order of the mix
Reducing number of levels of unordered categorical predictor variable
How to calculate Standard Error of Odds Ratios?
What research tool to use when researching a project?
Using Holt-Winters for forecasting in Python
Is repeated measures ANOVA appropriate for my experiment and is my sample size large enough?
General advice on forming an index of attitude to the environment from a set of likert items
How to add variables sequentially in ordinal package in R
Online method for detecting wave amplitude
What do "real values" refer to in supervised classification?
How to get convergence using coxph (R) given that model converges using proc phreg (SAS)
Calculating the distribution of maximal value of $n$ draws from a normal distribution
SAS Enterprise Miner imputation
What does Gaussian efficiency mean?
Regression for dependent variable with 4 categories
Probability for finding a double-as-likely event
Clustering large and sparse datasets
Why the exchangeability of random variables is essential in hierarchical bayesian models?
What is theta in a negative binomial regression fitted with R?
Advantages and disadvantages of parametric and non-parametric models
Averaged estimators in stochastic versions of EM
Number of features vs. number of observations
Does the Central Limit Theorem allow one to create confidence intervals from a web traffic dataset?
Fitting an ARMAX model with regularization and variables selection
How to deal with omitted dummy variables in a fixed effect model?
Fitting multivariate linear mixed model in R
Categorization/Segmentation techniques
Calculating mean age from grouped census data
What is the best way to measure goodness of fit between data and functions?
Confidence interval for difference of means in regression
How to calculate the variance of a partition of variables
Is it good practice to standardize your data in a regression with panel/longitudinal data?
How to generate a bounded random correlation matrix?
How to get Cook's distance and carry out residual analysis for non-lm() and non-glm() models in R?
Interpreting  negative binomial regression output in R
Are there any good movies involving mathematics or probability?
Determining which AdWords have the highest amount of user click throughs
What to do with almost-continuous variable in regression?
Optimal penalty selection for lasso
Uniform random variable distribution
How to create histogram with "zoom-in" feature
Animating the effect of changing kernel width in R
Forecasting Amazon or Netflix demand
Naive Bayes classification for "That's what she said" problem
Calculating AUPR in R
Set of data and averaging/standard deviation
Pearson Correlation problem
What are good references containing arguments against null hypothesis significance testing?
Identify probability distributions
Comparing multiple time series in R
Margin-of-error calculation in survey
Canonical correlation analysis and time series analysis
Linear regression using standard deviations as regressors?
Structural equation modeling for experimental design data
Reference or book on simulation of experimental design data in R
Pointwise mutual information for text using R
How to choose the 1st threshold/classifier/ weak learner in Adaboost?
Possible identifiability issue in hierarchical model
Compute approximate quantiles for a stream of integers using moments?
How to interpret mean of Silhouette plot?
How to interpret decreasing AIC but higher standard errors in model selection?
Difference in means in multiple-choice poll
How to derive Poisson distribution from gamma distribution?
SVM kernels choose without tests
How to use G Power 3 to calculate statistical power in mixed design ANOVA with unequal group sample sizes
Measuring homogeneity across different spatial aggregations of data
How to change column names in data frame in R?
Which hierarchical clustering algorithm?
Logistic regression and Wilcoxon test
Can we used bounded continuous variables as predictors in regression and logistic regression?
Interpreting logistic regression output from SAS
Johansen Co-integration Interpretation With Example
Power calculation for likelihood ratio test
Intuitive explanation of Fisher Information and Cramer-Rao bound
Testing significant effect in 2 by 2 factor design on a binary outcome
Uniform frequency from non-uniform (exponential) distribution?
Anscombe transform and normal approximation
How to calculate tridiagonal approximate covariance matrix, for fast decorrelation?
Converting arbitrary distribution to uniform one
Valid method to analyze spatial correlations in images?
Correlation as a likelihood measure
Sample size determination for block design with repeated measurement in SAS
How to characterize symmetric discrete distribution?
