How do I ensure PROC ARIMA is performing the correct parameterization of input variables?
How to choose the link function when performing a logistic regression?
Questions about variable selection for classification, and different classification techniques
Why p-values are uniformly distributed?
Variance based on given frequencies using SPSS
undesired output of program
What regression formula would best fit this curve?
How does one fit conditional Poisson regression in SAS?
Binomial testing with probability estimated from sample
Help evaluating a posterior probability expression
What is the best linear regression model to use when the shape of the data resembles a cubic distribution?
How exactly does Wilks' Lambda distribution generalize the Hotelling distribution?
How to design an 8-run experiment in 5 factors?
How to properly analyze distance from a reference?
Using kurtosis to assess significance of components from independent component analysis
How to obtain confidence limits of predicted values in ARIMA?
How to calculate a percentile of y for a given x given a series of (x, y)?
Crosstab factor scores generated by factor analysis
Can one cluster web log data without performing user or session identification?
What to do with a small (27) medical dataset?
How to examine group differences on several 5-point items using SPSS?
Odds ratios multiple comparisons
Decision tree output -- learning
Optimal algorithm for solving n-armed bandit problems?
Modeling frequency over time
Using an SVM for feature selection
How to NOT use statistics
Does simple linear regression imply causation?
Determining statistical significance of a repeated measures t-test
How to smooth power spectrum applying max. entropy method using R or Mathematica?
Maximum likelihood estimation of dlmModReg
Excel spreadsheet for ordinal logistic regression
Two sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and p-value interpretation
QR factorization: floating-point issues
How to measure the "well-roundedness" of SE contributors?
What is the meaning of the "." (dot) in R?
Steel's method for nonparametric multiple comparison with control
Multinomial choice with binary observations
Interpreting coefficients of a dlog-dlog regression
Differences between heavy tail and fat tail distributions
How to get standard error of a function (delta method vs. simulation)?
Definition of quantile
Designing covariance matrix and kernel function for a gaussian process
How does quantile normalization work?
Properly specifying mixed effects model in lmer
ARMA modeling in R
AIC versus BIC Criteria
Two poisson random variables and likelihood ratio test
Modeling relative contribution of a variable
CDF raised to a power?
Permutation tests with repeated measures
How can I account for spatial covariance in a linear model?
Difference between population and sample
$\chi^2$ test for data from Dirichlet-multinomial distribution
What is the best site to hire contract or permanent stats folks
When to transform predictors?
Standard deviation of means over two dimensions
For classification with Random Forests in R, how should one adjust for imbalanced class sizes?
Methods to best test lead/lag relationships
Why are random variables defined as functions?
How to interpret an inverse covariance or precision matrix?
Measures of autocorrelation in categorical values of a Markov Chain?
How do I display detrended data from a linear regression?
Count data regression for data with upper bound
Justification for using geometric weights in linear regression
Using and/or operators in R
Sampling distributions
Heckman sample selection
Modeling number of phone calls with OLS
How do I run a Mixed Model repeated measures analysis in SPSS to evaluate intervention effect while controlling for school?
Is there a name for the function | L1 sect L2 | / | L1 |
Does the variable order matter in linear regression
Anyone know of a simple dendrogram visualizer?
Mixed Ques on Markov Chains, Kolmogrov Differential Equations, Thieles DE, MLE, Reserves
Produce a list of variable name in a for loop, then assign values to them
Is it necessary to perform a transformation on proportion data if it's reasonably well behaved?
Expected value of a transformation
What kind of distribution is $f_X(x) = 2 \lambda \pi x e^{-\lambda \pi x ^2}$?
Comparing numbers of p-values from many linear models
Algorithm to create Bayesian priors from measurements
Half annual covariance $\mathrm{Cov}(X,Y)_{\text{6 months}}$ from annual covariance?
Number of times to run a lengthy experiment
What is the distribution of the difference of two-t-distributions
Computing average value ignoring outliers
Tests for consistent measurements and outliers
Children's statistical education in different countries?
High quality publishing house for books in the field of statistics
Calculating the value of attributes of cards in a card game
Formula to discard items by votes (Lower bound of Wilson score confidence interval)
Interpretation of positive and negative beta weights in regression equation
Correspondence analysis for a three-way contingency table
Generative modelling: what if the generating models have very different "quality of fit"
Endogeneity versus unobserved heterogeneity
Big-O Scaling of R's cmdscale()
Formula to discard items by votes (Lower bound of Wilson score confidence interval)
Thieles Differential Equations
MLE (Actuarial Stats)
Probability distribution of fragment lengths
Kolmogorov Differential Equations
Long tailed distributions for generating random numbers with parameters to control tail heaviness
What are the pros and cons of learning about a distribution algorithmically (simulations) versus mathematically?
How to specify random effects in lme?
Obtaining standard error on a data point obtained from linear regression
How do I create subscales based on sets of items in SPSS
MLE (Actuarial Stats)
Kolmogorov Differential Equations
Problem with mixture discriminant analysis in R returning NA for predictions
Statistical method to quantify  diversity / variance / inequality
Visualizing Weka classification tree
How to calculate confidence interval for count data in R?
Probability that X<=Y when X and Y are p values from two different hypotheses
How can I rank observations within groups in Stata?
Variance on the sum of predicted values from a mixed effect model on a timeseries
Should factor loadings be dominated by items' ranges of answer options?
Formula for autocorrelation in R vs. Excel
What is the added value of using a 2-part model over an OLS model on a subsample when estimating health care expenditures?
What is the distribution of the ratio of two Poisson random variables?
Paired permutation test for repeated measures
Why does adding statistically significant interaction reduce true positives?
Autoregressive model and shock events
Algorithm to calculate difference in users' tastes
In convergence in probability or a.s. convergence w.r.t which measure is the probability?
Problem with ets from R forecast package
Calculation of power of survival study
Transforming proportion data: when arcsin square root is not enough
Software for learning Bayesian belief networks
Computing mathematical expectation of the correlation coefficient or $R^2$ in linear regression
Moments of Laplace distribution
How can you predict the likelihood of someone doing something given previous data?
Dispersionparameter of negbin distribution
Covariate Adjusted Logistic Regression ("Adjusted Analysis")
What are efficient ways to organize R code and output?
R package for multilevel structural equation modeling?
Averaging data clusters amongst constants
How does R handle missing values in lm?
R statistics Mixed ANOVA but outcome Poisson distributed - which model in R?
Checking $R$ functions arguments
Test for biological replicates
How can I calculate the standard error of a proportion?
Including the interaction but not the main effects in a model
Can SPSS perform chi-square test on an existing contingency table?
Calculate gaussian function
New development in variable selection in clustering using MCMC?
Recommend references on survey sample weighting
How does a classifier handle unseen documents that do not belong to any of the pre-existing classes?
Resume buzz words
Summarising wind vector statistics over time
Significance of initial transition probabilites in a hidden markov model
How can I use logistic regression betas + raw data to get probabilities
How to use cross-section country samples of different years in multiple regression analysis?
Normalize random numbers picked up into lognormal distribution
How to define specific population for Public Opinion
Market share based on comparison of competitors' average sales
How to detect (and possibly estimate/interpolate) missing or incomplete data?
Learning statistical concepts through data analysis exercises
Training multiple models for classification using the same dataset
GLM for proportional data
Why would one suppress the intercept in linear regression?
How do I change the max.print option in R's summary?
Estimation of time series regression using GLS
Modifying linear ballistic accumulator (LBA) simulation in  R
Goodness of fit for a regression with multiple predictors
Problem with ANOVA repeated measures: "Error() model is singular"
Why is the Mann–Whitney U test significant when the medians are equal?
False discovery rate from permutation testing?
Why are regression problems called "regression" problems?
Random number generation using t-distribution or laplace distribution
Estimating effect of latent variable in regression
Rescaling for desired standard deviation
How to interpret coefficients in a Poisson regression?
Implications of communalities close to 1.00 for reliability analysis and survey design
Factor analysis problem -- singular covariance matrix?
Random number generation using laplace distribution
Doing logistic regression using R
Automatically detecting sudden change of mean
How to deal with perfect separation in logistic regression?
What is the best way to compare fluctuations of two signals?
Wrong results using ANOVA with repeated measures
How to plot AIC values when using the leaps package?
How to export data in R syntax?
Markowitz portfolio mean variance optimization in R
GLM for comparing 2 populations with binomial data?
Multivariate multiple regression in R
Sample size formula for an F-test?
Monte carlo integration in spherical coordinates
How to extract data from published articles (RCTs) to do a meta-analysis?
Tutorial for performing Contrasts for MANOVA
Using hierarchical clustering to classify?
Rank transformed 2-way ANOVA
Sites for predictive modeling competitions
Determining causality from a natural experiment
Is the method of mean substitution for replacing missing data out of date? 
Statistics of events and invitations
What statistical test can I use to detect clumping?
How can I isolate the effect of an event on a sequence of sales numbers?
How to test whether two distance/difference matrices are different?
Testing for the effect of an intervention when it is applied on a group of which each individual is measured
Is this a reasonable approach to fitting distributions?
Capitalization of n for sample size
How to calculate standard error of the mean of a set of correlation coefficients
Elbow criteria to determine number of cluster
Can anyone explain quantile maximum probability estimation (QMPE)?
How to interpret table of logistic regression coefficients using glm function in R
When to use an offset in a Poisson regression?
Number of segments to divide a time-series
Predicting expected subscription durations based on past user data
When, if ever, to use pairwise deletion in multiple regression?
R: statistical test
Appropriateness of calculating scale means based on available non-missing responses (i.e., person-mean imputation)
How do I remove all but one specific duplicate record in an R data frame?
Generating sorted pseudo-random numbers in Stata
Can the forecasts using exponential smoothing be negative in value?
Should we compare the individual monthly forecasts with actual values?
Assessing differential probability of an event across a large number of plant observations
Statistics for gambling machine validation
The effect of the number of replicates in different cells on the results of ANOVA
Assumptions regarding bootstrap estimates of uncertainty
Median value on ordinal scales
Preferred methods for graphing time-series data to present "averages"?
Exponential moving average with sub-interval relevance / varying timeframe
Bias in sampling for set intersections
Applications of principal component analysis versus principal component regression?
Testing difference between two means with pairwise data and absence of normality
Simulating data sets for a linear mixed model in R
QQ plot of sigma2 from an MCMC regression?
Optimal blind poll construction
Explaining regression performance differences
Is there an ANOVA table generalization for two nested CART models?
How can I use credibility intervals in Bayesian logistic regression?
What would be a good way to work with a large data set in Excel?
Weight variables for predictive model
Factor dependent correlation
Whether to use structural equation modelling to analyse observational studies in psychology
Regression on a non-normal dependent variable
How do I set up an unbalanced repeated measures analysis in R?
Regression on transformed and untransformed dependent variable
Methods for checking if the number of comparisons is sufficient
Statistical significance when A/B test has multiple values
Software (or webapps) for teaching kids statistics or probability?
How to analyse a study looking at relationship between one set of five items (predictors) and a second set of five items (outcomes)
What is the pull distribution?
Is there a simplistic model to disaggregate census data based on years and smaller zones?
Automatisation of GLM analysis with negative binomial errors
Pairwise exclusions
Probability inequalities
What is a propensity weighting sampling / RIM?
How to compare two groups of patients with a continuous outcome?
Using ANOVA on percentages?
Getting an average measurement based on two raters for cases where data is missing for one rater
Summarizing samples of an interval
What do you call adding zeros to a table of frequency counts of consecutive integers where the given integer does not occur
Critical values for Anderson-Darling test
How does the distribution of the error term affect the distribution of the response?
Is there a standard procedure or regression model in marketing for explaining click rates on ads?
What method is used in Google's correlate?
Dependent variable is a function of independent variables; can I sensibly include them in a regression?
Detecting significant differences for each stimulus using ANOVA repeated measures
Inverse of false discovery rate (FDR)
Identifying oscillation in a time series
Predicted probabilities from a multinomial regression model using zelig and R
Probability of a certain sum of values from a set of dice rolls
Inspect generators and defining relations of a fractional factorial design
Obtaining predictions from linear model
Multivariate random walks in BUGS
Left skewed vs. symmetric distribution observed
How do I find the best model with a saturated dataset?
Efficient storage of information necessary to compute Levene's test of variance
How to calculate variance of three or more attributes with known frequencies
What could be the reason for using square root transformation on data?
Questions about contrasts for MANOVA
Lower bound over a concave function
How to ensure properties of covariance matrix when fitting multivariate normal model using maximum likelihood?
Testing a 2 by 2 mixed ANOVA in R
Recommended procedure for factor analysis on dichotomous data with R
Visual representations of the p-value in ANOVA to assist intuitive understanding
Why is a regression model of portfolio return giving smaller adjusted r-square (i.e., negative) than expected?
How to compute the weight matrix for WLS estimation of a multi-group ordinal CFA model
How to report asymmetrical confidence intervals of a proportion
PCA and component scores based on a mix of continuous and binary variables
Linear regression, heteroscedasticity, White's test interpretation?
Classification of sequences of symbols
Internet statistics resources suitable for psychology  students doing research
Upper/lower bound and initial domain for lognormal distribution
Should the group decisions be independent in Wilcoxon rank sum test?
Why are ties so difficult in nonparametric statistics?
Tobit model with R
Boxplot with respect to two factors using ggplot2 in R
How can I test the significance of the correlation coefficient?
Error to report with median and graphical representations?
Longitudinal data: time series, repeated measures, or something else?
Do we have a problem of "pity upvotes"?
Confidence interval for sample mean (possible error in text)
Density-based spatial clustering of applications with noise (DBSCAN) clustering in R
How to compute marginal effects in a Tobit model using R?
Low accuracy in out of time validation
What is the difference between empirical variance and variance?
Statistical models and methods to evaluate and forecast "fine price" increases
Software enabling GLS estimation with both heteroskedasticity and serial correlation correction
Variable selection for increasing accuracy
Density function question
$L_1$ or $L_.5$ metrics for clustering?
Bayesian two-factor ANOVA
Is there a GLS estimator that has lower variance than OLS for sum of parameters in linear model under Gauss-Markov conditions?
Standardized residuals of a Tobit model in R 
Negative binomial distribution for bounded data
Constrained kernel density estimation
Is there a way to determine the significance of a change in a d' score?
Best way to interact with an R session running in the cloud
Conducting a power analysis on difference between two proportions
Does it matter what values you assign to represent two groups in a dummy variable?
Stepwise model selection, Hosmer-Lemeshow statistics and prediction success of model in nested logistic regression in R
Autocorrelation vs correlation calculation
Do you include a covariate because of baseline group difference or if correlated with DV or both?
Incorporating random effects in the logistic regression formula in R
Uncorrected pairwise p-values for one-way ANOVA?
Constant term in time series econometric models built on 1-st differences
How to tell the "closeness" of two variables
Expected value of non-standard quadratic form
Solving a regression problem
Does high log-likelihood imply high R^2
Pairwise comparisons after significant interaction results: parametric or non?
What are some statistical analysis measures that should be considered when conducting a time and motion study?
Variable selection for time covariate
Creating an index based on a set of measurements without a target for purpose of rank ordering
Performing PCA for normal score transformed data
How do I run a two-part model of health care expenditures in Stata?
What to do with p-values when standard errors are obviously biased
What's the best formula to fit the distribution of website user number over a day
Distribution of a ratio of two proportions
Shall I censor or rather remove other causes in cause-specific survival analysis?
Searching for car displacement data
Why are the correlations in two groups less than the correlation when the groups are combined?
How to perform Fisher exact test in SPSS?
Computing descriptives statistics for sites and locations based on literature search with sites having varying numbers of time points
High frequency data series cleaning in R
Importing time series from SQL base into R
Tests on binomial distribution
Textbook with list of hypothesis tests and practical guidance on use
How to calculate SE for a binary measure, given sample size n and known population mean?
How do I tell when and why to use specific statistical measures?
Testing for stability in a time-series
Tool to confirm Gaussian fit
Data transposition from 'clustered rows' into columns
What is the best way to determine if pageviews are trending upward or downward?
Is there a good browser/viewer to see an R dataset (.rda file)
What is the power of the regression F test?
Do orthogonal projectors change the statistics of i.i.d. generated data?
Machine learning questions (questions)
Assessing rater bias where one rater has given one very high rating and the remainder very low ratings
Approximating lognormal sum pdf (in R)
How to check hypothesis about estimation of random variable with unknown distribution?
Discrete choice prediction
SweaveListingUtils and line numbers
Iterated expectations theory
What is nonparametric logistic regression based on locally weighted scatterplot smoothing?
How can I get a velocity of how much this link is trending?
Gap statistics MATLAB implementation
How can I statistically determine if my data on code run time measurements is "good"?
Goodness of fit in GLMs
Memory  requirements of k-means clustering 
Calculating the information contained in a message
Whether to use an offset in a Poisson regression when predicting total career goals scored by hockey players
Rationale of using AUC?
Training with the full dataset after cross-validation?
Significant difference between two small populations sampled without replacement
Fitting conditional functions in nls
Clarification on interpreting confidence intervals?
Do zero counts need to be adjusted for a likelihood ratio test of poisson/loglinear models?
Inferring relationships between psychological variables in clinical samples and issues in generalisation
How to describe a design with a mix of experimental conditions, predictor variables, and multiple outcome variables?
Assessing independence of observations using intraclass correlation when some groups have small group sample sizes
Is there an R package with a pretty function that can deal effectively with outliers?
R only alternatives to BUGS
A best measure for speaker recognition
Assessing reliability of a questionnaire:  dimensionality, problematic items, and whether to use alpha, lambda6 or some other index?
What kind of residuals and Cook's distance are used for GLM?
How do I calculate error propagation with different measures of error?
The difference between MSE and MAPE
Zelig reports $R^2$ of a negative binomial regression - nonsense?
Coding an interaction between a nominal and a continuous predictor for logistic regression in MATLAB
Kullback–Leibler divergence between two gamma distributions
Visualizing multi-dimensional data (LSI) in 2D
Analysis of relation between two dependent variables
Recommended effect size measure for repeated measures t-tests and repeated measures contrasts on experimental data
Using latent Dirichlet allocation for information retrieval
Essential data checking tests
Comparing means across two groups and over four time points when group sample sizes are very small
How to extract residuals from function cv.lm in R?
How do I compare individual likert scale items
