Which statistical test should I use for my experiment on aggressive interactions in killifish?
Generating random samples from a density function
Pseudo R squared formula for GLMs
What is the difference between ITT and ATE?
Where can I read about the justification for the use of parametric probability distributions?
Probabilities in case-controlled studies
Which measure of model fit to report when performing likelihood based regression: AIC, BIC, Pseudo R-square?
How to visualize a GraphML multitree?
Including a variable which is identical for each cross section member
What do I gain if I consider the outcome as ordinal instead of categorical?
Usage of LDA with more than two classes
How to tell if data is "clustered" enough for clustering algorithms to produce meaningful results?
Logistic regression - power and predictor values
Model-based learning algorithm for recommendation engine
How do you apply a linear regression built in SPSS to new data and generate prediction intervals
How to estimate and interpret an offset correctly in a Poisson regression?
Nested ANOVA difference between and among groups
Why is sample standard deviation a biased estimator of sigma
Determining correlation in certain subsets of a dataset in R
Whether to use EFA or PCA to assess dimensionality of a set of Likert items
Comparing two datasets (of the same physical quantity) - what do I learn from this graph?
Testing the importance of an item among a finite set of items
How to combine two independent repeated experiments with different success probabilities?
Minimum number of observations for logistic regression?
How to implement a weighted 3-way ANOVA in unbalanced design?
Cross-validating for model parameters with time series
Pre and Post, treated and un treated but from same subject
Property of entropy
What could cause big differences in correlation coefficient between Pearson's and Spearman's correlation for a given dataset?
Probability distribution of questions in a forum
Disadvantages of negbin regression
Distance to a regression line, and degrees of freedom
Estimating correlated parameters with multi-level model
How can I generate correlated timeseries made up of 0s and 1s?
More info needed on second order regular variation in extreme value theory
How to visualize/understand what a neural network is doing?
Where do the distance metrics for the Krippendorff's alpha statistic come from?
Which distribution to use with MCMC and empirical data?
Is there more to probability than Bayesianism?
What is discriminative partition matching?
How to compare the variance from published summary statistics with own data?
How to compute multidimensional omega with R
Is it possible to differentiate in expectation?
How to convert an unrestricted co-occurrence network to a restricted one?
How to derive $P$ in continuous Kalman filter?
How should we convert sports results data to perform a valid logistical regression?
Are there any libraries available for CART-like methods using sparse predictors & responses?
How to estimate parameters for a Kalman filter
What, if any, dissimilarity is preserved in partial least squares (PLS)?
Sanity check: how low can a p-value go?
What is heavy hitter analysis?
Interpret t-values when not assuming normal distribution of the error term
Why does noisy data result in better prediction performance?
Take the log of an independent variable in a Poisson regression
How do you derive the conditional variance for $s^2$, the OLS estimator of $\sigma^2$?
Need a data reduction technique to identify types of countries
Formula for confidence intervals for small samples and unknown population standard deviation
Probability of panel assignment
Analysis of intervals between events
Help with data analysis of small datasets
Estimating the variance of poker win rates
Model comparison between an ARIMA model and a regression model
How to equalize the weight of each item in multiple checklists?
How to interpret confidence interval of the difference in means in one sample T-test?
What is the difference between Multiclass and Multilabel Problem
Clustering multilabel dataset
Sampling distribution [editted]
Testing the change of mean[editted]
Interpretation of the result[editted]
How can I compare the following mutual information values?
What count-data models to choose besides negative binomial model when overdispersion occurs?
Sliding window validation for time series
Interpreting p-values associated with correlation measurements
Updating linear regression efficiently when adding observations and/or predictors in R
Fitting a beta-binomial model in the case of overdispersion in R
MCMC converging to a single value?
Appropriate to obtain weighted correlations?
Odds for high in the card game pitch
Is this design a one-way repeated measures ANOVA or not?
The effectiveness of coordinate ascent
Plotting changes in a three-valued ordinal variable across two time points using R
Is there a covariance MLE which takes into account independence relationships?
What happens with the beta-binomial distribution, when n approaches infinity?
What questions would a statistician ask about analysis of E. coli outbreak?
Confidence intervals for repeatability
Factor analysis on mixed (continuous/ordinal/nominal) data?
Estimation by future likelihood maximization
Use of survival analysis for trigger mining
What is the association rule learning approach to the logical XOR problem?
Do infrequent examples screw up classifiers? If so, when is it okay to remove the infrequent examples from the data?
Categorical /nominal variables - repeated measures - complex data structure --> how do I analyse this?
What is the best statistical method to compare case fatality rates of 17 years for 2 different states?
Convex Hull in R
Probability on the distance of a vector on $\frac{1}{2^{n}}$ of the unit hypersphere from a hyperplane which passes through the origin
Covariates in regression models
Computing percentile rank in R
Persistence in time series
How to optimize the k parameters in dynamic linear regression?
How can I compute my final grade?
Interpreting R output from exploratory factor analysis regarding rejection of null hypothesis of goodness of fit
How to create a density plot for data from multiple years with each year represented by a different colour?
Estimating the total number of customers based on a subset of orders
Problem using auto.arima() in R
Interpretation lin-log regression where the covariate is log(x1 + 1) transformed
Fitting an exponential model to data
How to allocate sample size to gain most power on a two stage analysis?
Explanatory power of a variable
Interpretation of correspondence analysis plot
Interpreting a lots of effects
Determining trends in text
Why is the first postulate of the Poisson process that $\lambda dt$ is the probability of exactly one event in $[t,t+dt]$?
Optimising control routines after creating a predictive model
What is the difference between scores in Princomp vs. factanal?
Analyzing multiple choice survey questions
Constructs and multiple regression
What is the word to mean "the actual data points", not the trends that it creates?
How do you handle the situation where the residual variance is very high compared to the other variance parameter estimates?
Test hypothesis about giant component
Mediation model with linear regression
Finding a narrower confidence interval for a given CI, sample mean and size
Randomized trace technique
How to generate a pair of ellipses shaped as Saturn in $\mathbb{R}^p$
Exponential upper bound for $\sum_{k=1}^{N-1} \alpha^k \beta^{\frac{1}{N-k}}$
If I count cells should I consider them as Poisson distributed?
How to present a empirical study when using econometric models?
How can I remove the z-order bias of a coloured scatter plot?
How to model bounded target variable?
Fitting a generalized least squares model with correlated data; use ML or REML?
Does anyone know "nice" ways of plotting confidence intervals for use in presentations?
Statistics for multi-test replicated correlation analysis
Are misses in my data distributed completely at random?
How to calculate the confidence interval of the mean of means?
Interpretation of intercept term in poisson model with offset and covariates
Confidence Interval / Best-fit / Prediction Interval?
Decision tree for censored data
What metric should I use to determine a significant effect?
An inconsistency between the concept of "subindependence" and the chi-square test for independence?
How many samples is enough?
Machine learning for activity streams
Most useful Stata ado-files?
Is it possible to create "parallel sets" plot using R? 
Friedman vs Kruskal-Wallis test
Fitting child molecule concentration in parent molecule exponential decay
Correlation analysis of parameters
Formula confidence interval for difference in means - one sample t-test
Basic question regarding probability
ARMA model coefficient standard errors
Organizing a classification tree (in rpart) into a set of rules?
Multivariate mutual independence test
Need to refine results of logarithmic regression
How to add a label to the max value in R's ggplot2?
What should I check for normality: raw data or residuals?
Propagation of polynomial coefficient errors in fit
Why is the y-axis in this R plot showing invalid percentage values?
Curve fitting and max slope calculation
Why is the tick marker for zero after the bar in this qplot bar chart? 
Measures of predictive power of attributes in data mining
Is Freeman--Tukey's transformation  appropriate and the most powerful for percentages?
Classification score: SVM
Testing the significance of differences between ratios with small samples
What's the difference between add and subtract of two random variables, if zero mean?
Least square estimation error, calculus question
Reference for age-period-cohort models
Can you recommend an online survey platform for 5k+ participants?
Density estimation with a truncated distribution?
How to compare two groups on a set of dichotomous variables?
Inner correlation of occurrences (burstiness?) in R
How to add two random variable's pdf?
Why z=f(x) does not imply E[z]=f(E[x]) when f is not linear?
How to draw a complete statistic from an incomplete statistical model?
Best analysis method for three interrelated longitudinal series
What is a null conjunction analysis in an fMRI study?
Normalizing constant in Bayes theorem
Use of design effect to establish degree of nesting
Time series autocorrelation
If a statistics doesn't reveal a significance do I have to calculate power for it?
How to compute goodness of fit after applying logarithmic transformation?
Derivation of an elasticity from a simple function $Y = \alpha\ln(x)$
Dissecting three-way interactions
When analyzing an on-going set of events how do you compensate for the most recent period where you still have in progress events
What does orthogonal mean in the context of statistics?
Estimating the distribution of a very large population of known size and unknown variance
Excel's CHIDIST function in MATLAB
How to detect a number of binomial distributions from a set of data?
Conditional inference trees vs traditional decision trees
microRNA analysis statistical methodology review
Looking for a name for a "mean-influencing" statistic
Is there an equivalent to Kruskal Wallis one-way test for a two-way model?
Multivariate orthogonal polynomial regression?
Acceptance rates for Metropolis-Hastings with uniform candidate distribution
Is my data fit "extreme value distribution" or "normal distribution"?
Multiple dependant variables in logistic regression
Measuring predictive accuracy for multiple dependent variables
Neural network with PROC logistic in SAS
Testing significance of peaks in spectral density
How to know whether the six spatial features values (in 3-time period) significantly differ from each other?
Time taken to hit a pattern of heads and tails in a series of coin-tosses
Linear regression terminology question -- Beta (β)
Estimating the distribution of a very large population of known size and unknown variance
Refining a linear regression model for condominium prices
Expected Value and Variance of Estimation of Slope Parameter $\beta_1$ in Simple Linear Regression
Are decision trees almost always binary trees?
Canonical correlation analysis on a MICE data set
Random number generation
Comparing points in a bivariate space
Viewing kernel regression in a Bayesian framework
Can a 2-2-1 feedworward neural network with sigmoid activation functions represent a solution to XOR?
"Normalizing" variables for SVD / PCA
Finite population correction for calculating margin of error
Percentage of overlapping regions of two normal distributions
What is the best way to reduce false negative percent in the model?
Regular data gaps in a time series
How to tune smoothing in mgcv GAM model
Methods to check if my data fits a distribution function?
Robust regression or ANOVA for non-normal dependent variable
Calculating the parameters of a Beta distribution using the mean and variance
How to test goodness of fit between two dataframes in R?
Approaches to multi-sensor/multi-modal data fusion
How to calculate the number of trials for a 'meaningful' result
Determining true mean from noisy observations
Handling ordinal variables in multivariate regression models in JMP Version 5
Expectation of the variance of the sampling set without replacement
Proper variable selection method for glm
Testing normality
What if residuals are normally distributed, but y is not?
Good literature about cross validation
How to test if my data is discrete or continuous?
Infinite p-value when checking normality of distribution
Fast computation/estimation of a low-rank linear system
Forecasting stock prices time series based on independent factors using ARIMA model
Can I test the validity of a prior given data?
Is there an anderson-darling goodness of fit test for two datasets?
What is a 'message passing method'?
Reporting $\chi^2$ test results in APA format
Boosting ranked lists
Can individual odds ratios be added to get one pooled odds ratio to compare to a reference group?
Using geometric mean / geometric standard deviation in statistical process control chart
When controlling a binomial proportion, how to deal with proportions with low confidence?
Two independent binomials with fixed column marginal totals - the formula for all possible permutations of the table?
Is this a repeated measures experiment?
Libsvm: scale data using python
Online bachelor's degree in Statistics
How to perform a spectral density analysis in R using the multitaper package?
Empirical AUC in validation set when no TRUE zeroes
Should we normalize the dataset before fitting the Gumbel distribution?
What are average partial effects?
Combining heterogeneous measurements to improve inference
Imputing missing values in time series using SAS
What are the proper descriptives to look at for my mixed-models?
Estimators and mean square error
Interpreting confidence intervals
Bounding mutual information given bounds on pointwise mutual information
How to intuitively understand formula for estimate of pooled variance when testing  differences between group  means?
Does the average increase of a "re-roll" increase with the size of the dice?
How to plot two dataset in point and line form in one figure in R?
Number of parameters in Markov model
ANOVA with some paired and some unpaired subjects
How do I determine which set of measurements is better?
How to get expectation (E-value) for a dataset?
What do the first k factors from factor analysis maximize?
How to determine the statistical significance of a score from a general population?
Significance and credibility intervals for interaction term in logistic regression
Reproducing table 18.1 from "Elements of Statistical Learning"
What is sequential change point detection?
p-value reported as 3.2531E-129 in excel
Bayesian analysis of data
Q&A Sites for machine learning and NLP
How to use maximum likelihood to fit data with two combined models
How to correctly use the GPML Matlab code for an actual (non-demo) problem?
Error using rfe in caret package in R
What is the difference between hazard and crude ratio?
Good book about theoretical approach to statistics
Machine learning cookbook / reference card / cheatsheet?
Calculating principal component scores after PC analysis
What does the gene set score tell in GSA analysis?
How to compare two datasets with Q-Q plot using ggplot2?
Why is R plotting standardized residuals against theoretical quantiles in a Q-Q plot?
How can I create a Graph of a Probability Density Function from Percentiles?
How to interpret F- and p-value in ANOVA?
Wavelet analysis of EEG
What exactly does it mean to 'pool data'?
Computing Gaussian mixture model probabilities
How to do prediction from a linear regression?
How to choose the best ROC?
How do you generate ROC curves for leave-one-out cross validation?
Assessing and testing inter-rater agreement with kappa statistic on a set of binary and Likert items?
Genetic algorithm for parameter estimation
Specification of a random slopes model with two grouping factors
Generative vs. discriminative
Creating a "certainty score" from the votes in random forests?
How to deal with non-normality in MANOVA?
How to calculate forecast error (confidence intervals) for ongoing periods?
How to obtain the variance of my dependent variable in a linear regression with R?
How to add covariants to GEE analysis in SPSS
Probability of hitting tails
How to calculate if the between-subject variability is significant given repeated measurements?
Is there an R package for a multinomial repeated measures logistic regression with 3 levels of the dependent variable?
Multiple imputation using SPSS
What test do I use in order to analyze a within participants repeated measure experiment?
Variability of a curve with 4 parameters
How to specify the null hypothesis in hypothesis testing
R code for two sample t-test in case of equal variances
Examples of text mining with R (tm package)
Segmented nonlinear regression in R?
Interpreting average linkage clustering results in SPSS
In what ways do data mining and machine learning competitions aid/detract from these academic fields and their commercial applications?
Constrained linear regression through a specified point
Perform simple regression without raw data
Calculating the probability that demographic trends happened by chance
Lognormal distribution using binned or grouped data
When does a logistic regression model have a unique solution?
What is the variance of the sum of components of a multivariate normal distribution?
k-means implementation with custom distance matrix in input
Outlier detection for generic time series
"Importance" metric for discrete variable value
Sample size to achieve given confidence level
Sample size for actual vs backtested performance
Choosing the number of latin hypercube samples
Probit - multivariate
Expected value of the natural log of a ratio of variances
What are the mean and variance for the Gamma distribution?
Supervised learning approaches which can accommodate a supervisory signal composed of multiple dependent continuous variables?
Comparing backtesting returns with real trading returns
MCMC when the density involves integration over a simplex
Reading recommendation on using statistical analysis in online fraud prevention
Is there a way to maximize/minimize a custom function in R?
Best imputation method for stochastic noisy data?
Difference between Hausdorff and earth mover (EMD) distance
calculate the Probability density fonction of the absolute difference of two random variable
Measuring probability that 2 sample originate from the same population
Software package to solve L-infinity norm linear regression
Appropriate test for testing a pair of random binomial variables
Variable transformation
Question about variance/standard deviation
How to make glmnet give the same results as glm?
How to calculate variance?
Comparing correlation coefficients
Equivalence between least squares and MLE in Gaussian model
Truncated random effect model
Whats on the causal path?
Examples of when confidence interval and credible interval coincide
Kernel PCA vs. k-means
Searching for geometric network dataset
Calculating the transfer entropy in R
Hierarchical modeling in R
What is the name for a "typical" range of values?
Interpretation of two-way clustering in R
Finding average settling value after step response
What data should be given for the result of a design of experiments with response surface?
Should I use repeated measures ANOVA? Or which other SPSS test should I use?
Appropriate error bars for repeated-measurements designs
Fitting a special mixed model in R - alternatives to optim()
Comparing relative frequencies between two groups
Shewhart's method for working out "sigma" of a sample of lead times
Mean when computing correlation between samples of unequal size
What are some applications of Chinese restaurant processes?
Why does bootstrapping the residuals from a mixed effects model yield anti-conservative confidence intervals?
k-means quick cluster analysis error in SPSS
Measures of variable importance in random forests
What if I know for sure that my target variable is not normally but Beta distributed?
How to get a weighted-estimate for mean difference?
Weighted community analysis in R
How to model the sum of Bernoulli random variables for dependent data?
Software to plot a log graph
How to use gradient to obtain critical points of Time series?
Multiple simulations of a system under different conditions - paired data?
Predicting cluster of a new object with kmeans in R
Can an observed variable be the parent of a latent variable in a Bayesian network?
Is there a test of monotony, convexity or concavity?
Efficient parametrization of the covariance matrix with some covariances constrained to zero
Addressing model uncertainty
Understanding variance estimators
Can I have an example of pairwise comparisons of data against a within-subject factor?
How to sample uniformly from an intersection of simplices?
Assuming two Gaussian distributions of equal mean and variance, then how different can we expect the top X members of each group to be?
Assigning class to the cases after K means cluster analysis (SPSS)
Box-Jenkins model selection
Calculating event probabilities in mixed, discrete/continuous distributions
Unit testing sampling methods
How to do 'normalization'?
Test in R of whether three or more correlations from independent samples are equal
Comparison of positive predictive value between two models
Data APIs/feeds available as packages in R
Formula for weighted simple linear regression
How to combine 2 different observations to improve state estimates?
Notion of orthogonality in clustering
probability question
Software for making semi variograms and analyses?
How to combine three different scores
Deep learning vs. Decision trees and boosting methods
How to to calculate the topic distribution of a document
What are the measure for accuracy of multilabel data?
Systematic way of choosing a threshold?
What distribution function might describe the following statistical experiments?
How to deal with negative coefficients in logistic regression
Multilevel regression using lmer function in R and Stata
Comparing fatality rates
How to handle gaps in a time series when doing GAMM?
General questions about a mixed repeated measures model
Should quantitative predictors be transformed  to be normally distributed?
Multicategory choice model with given categories
DerivativeCheck fails with minFunc
Detect multi-punch responses in SPSS syntax?
Calculating 2D Confidence Regions from MCMC Samples
Compute the probability of a lower value in the elements of a timeseries
calculate the rate of change
Easy resources for funnel plot
