A/B testing in Python or R
calculating conditional probability-bayes rule
Sampling random numbers from a distribution with asymmetric confidence intervals
Estimating population average models in lmer or geepack
Looking for help identifing outliers in a pilot study to guide future hypothesis testing
Best fitness metric for long term data
Inferences about non-overlapping lines
Forcing variable selection to keep certain predictor in R
Matching loss function for tanh units in a neural net
How to make R's gamm work faster? 
Best practices for density estimation of discrete & continuous random variables
Measure of spread of a multivariate normal distribution
Robust multivariate Gaussian fit in R
Paired, repeated-measures ANOVA or a mixed model?
Three-level hierarchical regression using lmer
How much RAM is needed for simulation studies using R?
How to test the predictive power of a model?
Fitting distributions, goodness of fit, p-value. Is it possible to do this with Scipy (Python)?
How to create one synthetic variable from 5 measured variables
Tukey's Hinges: Grouping Data
How do hidden units in a Boltzmann Machine enforce this parity constraint?
Matching training and testing datasets
How do I determine how well a dataset approximates a distribution?
How should a dynamic Adwords bidding algorithm optimize keyword bids for maximum profit?
Difference between loadings and correlations between observed variables and factor saved scores in factor analysis 
What's the appropriate spss test?
How to test the statistical significance of AUC?
How to test whether a regression coefficient is moderated by a grouping variable?
Is it appropriate to use the term "bits" to discuss a log-base-2 likelihood ratio?
Feature selection and latent variables
Why do demographers give rates per 100,000 people?
Finding confidence intervals for the click-through-rate of a website
Problem with three-level hierarchical regression using lmer
Data imputation question
How to draw a scree plot?
Guidelines for discovering new knowledge in data
Statistically comparing classifiers using only confusion matrix (or average accuracies)
Can I use paired t-test in this case?
Why do we use quasi-ML methods when estimating a quasi-Poisson regression?
Estimating standard deviation in Poisson regression
Classifying clusters using discriminant analysis
Meta-analysis with zero values for mean and sd
Covariance and independence?
Generating random samples from a custom distribution
Calculate how big a variable is in relation to others
what is the single best tool or technique to master in statistics that gives you a head?
When do we combine dimensionality reduction with clustering?
Maximum number of independent variables that can be entered into a multiple regression equation
Generate random correlated data between a  binary and a continuous variable
How to predict significant dominant regions of two sequence of numeric values by Hidden Markov Model?
Ultimate compression algorithm
Plotting a discriminant as line on scatterplot
Standard deviation when estimating a Poisson regression using R
How to compare results from two groups?
Multiple imputation on single subscale item or subscale scores?
Interpretation of MDS factor plot
Multiple imputation for missing count data in a time series from a panel study
Importance sampling in mixed, discrete/continuous variables
How to generated datasets for estimating risk differences in multiple groups using R?
Are there methods to cluster based on pair wise dissimilarity measures?
Reporting the general perception of tested sample
Is it allowed to include time as a predictor in mixed models?
How to begin reading about data mining?
What kind of results are there about prior knowledge?
Exponentially decaying variable
How do you call this dynamic sample-size selection strategy?
How to predict how much data to collect?
When is R squared negative?
Tracking problem with a formula
Comparison of time series sets
Template matching involving scale-, rotation- and shape-invariant transformation
Off the shelf tool for multi-label classification
Physical/pictoral interpretation of higher-order moments
Test for differences in distribution without raw data
Visualizing a 5x5x5 data set
How to calculate skewness of data from histogram in R?
Will the silhouette formula change depending on the distance metric?
Checking what attributes of a population made objects more likely to do certain action
Calculating covariance for a non-strictly-stationary white noise process
Estimating PDF of continuous distribution from (few) data points
Effects of step size in gradient descent optimisation
Why the statistical model of sampling with replacement is incomplete?
"Object not found" error in gls
How is Google+ population estimated?
Election forensics using statistical methods in practice?
Standardized residuals vs. regular residuals
Predicting raffle winners
Greek Gamma in a moment generating function
Generating values from a multivariate Gaussian distribution
How to find out if a set of daily measurements  are random or not?
Time series data distribution forecast?
Error message when estimating group level interactions lmer
Online outlier detection
Introductory materials in statistical analysis and data visualisation
What is a vector autoregressive model?
Are there cases where there is no optimal k in k-means?
Machine learning techniques for time series estimation - forecasting price
Significant variable with no effect in logistic regression
Biclustering and variable selection
WLS estimator and bootstrapping in sem package
Subset data by month in R
What are some examples of "real world" problems that can be modeled using vector autoregressive models?
What exactly is the name of the type of regression analysis where you try to see if the model is significant over *multiple* start/end values?
How to setup and interpret ANOVA contrasts with the car package in R?
How to get equivalent ANOVA in R for a model with and without a random effect?
Significance test of whether participants have more friends of the same sex
Random effect nested under fixed effect model in R
The upper bound of the training error of AdaBoost
Propagation of error using 2nd-order Taylor series
Is it valid to assign observations partially to both test and train in n-fold cross validation?
AdaBoost on a continuum of base classifiers
Modeling a 1D random walk with nonconstant probabilities
Effect size for rectangular frequency table
When was the autocorrelation function invented? And what was the motivation for it?
How to combine the results of several binary tests?
When was the cross-correlation function invented? And what was the motivation behind it?
Is there an R optimization package that can handle integer constraints and non-linear objective functions?
Video lectures about data mining?
How to decide whether difference between two conditions is significant?
Formulate hypotheses when $\mu_A < \mu_B$ is different from $\mu_A > \mu_B$
Explanation of the Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test with applications in Java
Where can I find accessible reference to vector autoregression?
What to do when the intersection of some time series doesn't contain enough data point?
Multivariate normality test from R's energy
Generate Gaussian MV clusters with fixed separation along a fixed directions
Help with R Zeroinfl model
Can a negative binomial distribution be used to model a continuous distribution?
Generalized linear models dispersion analysis
Problem on parametric learning when datasets are small
Looking for pattern of events in a time series
Singular gradient error in nls with correct starting values
Determining an optimal discretization of data from a continuous distribution
Building a linear model for a ratio vs. percentage?
How do I do temporal correlations of matrices?
Assessing if set of sequences increase or decrease
Where to obtain sales data for individual transactions?
Problem converting from factor to numeric variable in R
Book for getting a broad, conceptual overview of statistical methods
Approximate vs. Strict Factor model specification in R
What is the correct posterior when data are sufficient statistics?
How to know if a list of prices are mean-reverting?
Shannon entropy for non-stationary and non-linear signal
Is there a boxplot variant for Poisson distributed data?
Explanation for the thresholds in the sequential probability ratio test
Switching from unsupervised to supervised learning
R planned comparisons in Zelig negative binomial regression
Types of inverse transformations
ADF vs KPSS unitroot tests
Offset needed in regression when response is continuous?
How to analyse this simulation
X-mean algorithm BIC calculation question
Plotting top 5 most frequent factors using R
Using binomial distribution
What is the correct way to test for significant differences between coefficients?
Conditions for the M-estimator to converge to the true mean
How to sort a character vector numerically based on a trailing digit in R?
Stein's loss for multivariate normal covariance estimator
Understanding intercept in simple linear regression and why one variable is a predictor and the other is an outcome variable
R function to use for multiple imputation and determining if data is MAR or MCAR
Techniques and tips for interpreting a cluster analysis
Correcting for multiple comparisons in a within subjects / repeated measures ANOVA; excessively conservative?
Tossing coin until heads
Building business intelligence tool -- where to start?
What's the difference between binomial regression and logistic regression?
Listing of typical correlations across spectrum of topics and disciplines to assist with teaching meaning of correlation coefficient
Good online resource with tips on graphing association between two numeric variables under various conditions
How do you use draws from a Markov chain (Monte Carlo) for (bayesian) inference?
Competing risk regression with CRR slow on large datasets?
How princomp() works?
How to predict shares?
How to choose a span parameter with LOESS?
Analyzing treatment effect with possibly flawed control data
Testing group level interactions using lmer
Convergence in distribution from ratio of the two densities
R's lmer cheat-sheet
Defining quantiles over a weighted sample
Similarity matrix and multiple-regression
What are the distributions of these random variables?
Logistic regression for time series
Looking up and inserting values from a table
How to denoise a "Poissonous" time series
Looking at residuals vs. residual percentages
Detecting parts of a song
Clustering probability distributions - methods & metrics?
Generate random number under odds ratio parameters
Support vector machines and regression
Multilevel model in R
Differences between MANOVA and Repeated Measures ANOVA?
Conversion rates over time
Bounds on entries of Cholesky factors?
Incorporating seasonality into CART models
How to determine the "health" of a population, considering its size
How often is data corrupted given how often a 3-way vote passes incorrect data?
What is the maximum for Pearson's chi square statistic?
How to interpret KPSS results?
Difference between temporal trends
Model the proportion of a subset of total counts to determine the difference
Estimating random slopes for 3 variables in multilevel model
Another 3 level hierarchical regression
Finding correlations from multiple irregular time series
What is the distribution of the Binomial distribution parameter $p$ given a sample k and n?
Sampling from a marginal when full density is given
Multiple time-series -- measuring medication weight gain
Assessing effect of intervention where aptitude tests used in pretest and posttest have some overlapping and some distinct items
How to design a study and test the effect of dosage level on cure probability?
QQ plot with one dataset
SOM clustering for nominal/circular variables
The order of variables in anova matter, don't they?
What is the expected value of the sample variance under a linear regression with omitted variables of an AR(2) process?
Which is a good tool to compute parameters for a beta-distribution?
Density of multivariate normal given linear condition
Using Cleveland dot plots to visualize time-series data
What is the distribution of maximum of a pair of iid draws, where the minimum is an order statistic of other minima?
References about the theory of linear regression or regression in general
GRS statistic in R to test that intercepts from multivariate panel regression are jointly zero?
The exact distribution of Wilcoxon rank-sum statistic U
Countering false positives in GWAS due to linkage disequilibrium
Simple linear regression output interpretation
How to add up two variables with different volatilities?
2D analog of standard deviation?
Bayesian probability > 1 -- is it possible?
transfer values from one variable to another in STATA
Help with cointegration problem
SOM automated/objective clustering
How to compute co-occurrence probability assuming independence from unigram probabilities?
Selecting a benchmark mean while interpreting survey results
Difference between experimental data and observational data?
Assuming $u\sim N(0,\sigma^2)$ when y is highly skewed
Is there a generic term for measures of correctness like "precision" and "recall"?
How can I compute a posterior density estimate from a prior and likelihood?
How to turn a function into a probability distribution?
Submitting jobs to the LIS database
R-squared: useful or dangerous?
Effect size calculations in mixed ANOVA design for power analysis
Weighted average semi-parametric regression in R
Meaning of the "existence" proof
Bayesian estimation of a mean with tighter constraints than the observations
What's a good introduction to simulated method of moments and the extended path technique?
How to show that $E\left[ y E(y|x) \right] = E\left[ E(y|x)E(y|x) \right]$ - linearity of conditional expectations?
Can I use Kolmogorov-Smirnov to compare two empirical distributions?
How do I visualize changes in proportions compared to another period?
Calculate prediction interval for ridge regression?
Estimating linear regression with OLS vs. ML
Marginal effects of a logistic model, and their standard errors
Feature selection for low probability event prediction
Are mediation analyses inherently causal?
What is the best way to discretize a 1D continuous random variable?
Distribution that describes the difference between negative binomial distributed variables?
Distributing values using a continuous probability distribution
Distinguishing two distributions
How do you deal with a "multiple choice" observation in Bayesian inference, when the choices are on a scale?
Interpreting coefficient in a linear regression model with categorical variables
What does X represent in this linear trendline?
Fitting piecewise linear curves with lmer
Suggestions for improving the fit of probability density
Off-diagonal range for guaranteed positive definiteness?
Does there exist a model fit statistic (like AIC or BIC) that can be used for absolute instead of just relative comparisons?
How to run and plot simulation in R of sum of 20 random variables?
Data simulation in R using covariance method
How to define a distribution that correlates with a draw from another distribution?
Analyzing (hierarchical?) clustered pair-matched binary data
R, nlme package: which varFunc to use when residuals correlate with fitted values?
Is there a R function to estimate the law of a sample?
Is there a way to continue a R/JAGS MCMC chain that did not converge?
Information gain, mutual information and related measures
How do I test whether an extrapolated mean for a regression model differs from an observed mean?
Best way to compare software usage data over time across independent conditions?
Calculating the 95th percentile: Comparing normal distribution, R Quantile, and Excel approaches
Determining a variable's contribution to the variation in another
Maximizing/minimizing product of output and response
Clustering with asymmetrical distance measures
Do non-significant correlates of a DV, which is significant, suggest anything about the effect of that DV?
What are the primary differences between z-scores and t-scores, and are they both considered standard scores?
Getting started with dynamic neural networks
Fitting a line to a log-log plot
Determining a trend line?
Is the maximum entropy distribution consistent with given marginal distributions the product distribution of the marginals?
Is there a program that can computationally fit spherical harmonic functions onto a dataset?
Is there a "pure R" implementation for loess? (with no C code?)
Probability of total events occurring given that one or more events occur in specified number of months
Describing the difference between 2 types of variance
Repeated measures ANOVA in R and Bonferroni adjusted intervals
If $Z=X+Y$ ($X$ and $Y$ being random samples), what is the relationships between the respective order statistics?
Significance test for differences in baseline and remeasurement rates between two groups
How to find groupings (trajectories) among longitudinal data?
How to express an hypothesis that something has increased?
Recursive partitioning using rpart() method in R
Probability of drawing no red balls from 20 draws without replacement given finite sample
How should standard errors for mixed effects model estimates be calculated?
Ways to overcome small number of survey responses
How to analyze residuals of Poisson log-linear model?
Box-constrained optimization using optim() in R
How to deal with an error such as "Coefficients: 14 not defined because of singularities" in R?
Eigenvalue cleansing methods in R?
Species Richness, Dominance and Diversity Differences
Random Forests / adaboost in panel regression setting
How to calculate conditional & marginal probability for both the positive and negative hypotheses?
How to choose the number of splits in rpart()?
How to define the distribution of a convolution when there is some partial order statistic information?
How to specify the random term in lme, lmer and aov?
Probing the existence of the asymptotic distribution of a time series
How to test component failure in a general way?
Metric to compare models?
Summary of "Large p, Small n" results
Visualizing k-nearest neighbour?
What does this blur around the line mean in this graph?
Looking for a proper minimization tool
Intuition behind why Stein's paradox only applies in dimensions $\ge 3$
Analysing ratios of variables
What distribution would lead to this highly peaked and skewed density plot?
Random forest models and external validation
2D object recognition using MATLAB
At what value of mean and variance should I throw data away?
Testing "closeness of data"
Plotting n number of lists along the same domain in R
Zero inflated models - "true zero" vs. "excess zero"
Fitting multivariate, natural cubic spline
Equality of discrete random variables
How to model time-varying correlation
In which setting would you expect model found by LARS to differ most from the model found by exhaustive search?
How to convert abstract value into number in Stata?
How do I develop a metric for comparisons that involves a combination of variables at different scales?
When analyzing dyadic data, can unpaired cases be used in any part of the analysis?
Sampler method to choose in Monte Carlo Markov chain estimation
Making horizontal max-min-average chart in Excel
How can I calculate a probability from a likelihood, e.g. in the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm?
Reference for the sum and difference of highly correlated variables being almost uncorrelated
Time series with binary dependent variable - statistical significance
Dealing with multicollinearity
What is "reject inferencing" and how can it be used to increase the accuracy of a model?
Running an R script line-by-line
Why use Monte Carlo method instead of a simple grid?
Beta binomial Bayesian updating over many iterations
How to form a meaningful statistical indicator to reflect user interaction with a website
Present results from a multinomial model graphically
prcomp() vs lm() results in R
How to scale violin plots for comparisons
The min draw from F(x), where the max is an order statistic of the max draws from different, yet overlapping distributions?
Understanding ridge regression results?
Repeated measures, mixed model, ANOVA or...?
False discovery rate & q-values: how are q-values to be interpreted when rank of p-values is altered?
Is it possible to fit a data curve to another data curve?
Plotting interaction effect without significant main effects (not about code)
Inversions in hierarchical clustering
Calculate peak concurrent users on a website
Categorising continous data in logistic regression
Proxy variables versus instrumental variables
Regression analysis of time series data  ** addition of detrend and differenced images
When to use longitudinal (panel) weights vs cross-section weights in complex surveys
Identifying largest proportion in a set based on a common set of companies
How to dynamically calculate interval designations of data?
Generalization of basic probability question
On the  "strength" of weak learners
Feature construction in R
What are some good references/advice for learning Emacs Speaks Statistics (with R)?
Can non-random samples be analyzed using standard statistical tests?
Mathematical reference for the convergence in distribution of the Gibbs sampler
How to handle irregular interval censoring in a Cox model in R or Stata
Something more "accurate" than linear regression?
How is the intercept computed in GLMnet? 
How to calculate the coefficients using prcomp()?
Relationship between number of replications and the standard deviation of entry means
Is it possible to do data analysis in Open Office Calc?
Suggestions for training in data visualization?
How to transfer a table into a chart?
How to sample from $c^a d^{a-1} / \Gamma(a)$?
How are sample sizes determined for interpretations that 'straddle the fence' between anova and correlation?
Emulating SPSS functions/statements in R
Is there a concept of "enough" data for training statistical models?
How to draw an ROC curve?
How to derive a k-means objective function in matrix form?
Software for drawing ROC curve
Bias - an intuitive definition
The difference between ROC and SROC curves
Predicting next character based on few previous -- how to combine predictions?
Good Internet resource for preparation for studying mathematical statistics
What does a confidence interval (vs. a credible interval) actually express?
Detrended line still has a trend
Text Classification in R
Are t tests of coefficients in multiple regression post hoc tests?
Detrending method for nonstationary data
How many samples account for all the variance?
How is it possible that this ratio revert to the mean?
Variables importance: who can do the most pushups?
Alternative to block bootstrap for multivariate time series
Why does t statistic increase with the sample size?
How to calculate Theil–Sen estimator in R?
What are modern, easily used alternatives to stepwise regression?
Distribution of standard deviation
How to compute the probability associated with absurdly large Z-scores?
Weighted loss function for non-random sample
PCA with covariance matrix calculated using random matrix theory in R
Effects on R^2 of adding interactions to a linear regression model
Invalid radial basis functions but valid kernel functions
Usage of BIRCH on R or Weka
What is the difference between lm() and rlm()?
Standard error from OR and HR
Minimal size of an experimental group
How to calculate number of participants required to compare mean scores on a questionnaire between two groups?
Kolmogorov-Smirnov two-sample test
Should measurement errors and uncertainty be accounted for in every statistical test?
When is the maximum value of chi square achieved for a non-symmetric table?
How to visualize iterative parameter constraint?
Likert scale questionnaire and logistic regression
Aggregating and comparing data across days using paired t-test
What does this distribution look like?
A better presentation of linear regression model
How to graphically compare distributions of a variable for two groups with different sample sizes?
Can we combine false discovery rate and principal components analysis?
Finding weights that remove residual dot product
Two-sample t-test / ANOVA on functions, with unequal variances
How to implement k-means cluster analysis algorithm correctly?
What are the uses and pitfalls of regression through the origin?
Results of Wilcoxon test are backwards when compared to R, don't understand why
How do I create a predictor for a time series once I've confirmed Granger-causality?
How do I weigh several variables at two levels to create an overall composite variable score?
Inference to the population when the survey response rate is only 30%
How to model change over four time points on an ordinal variable where some participants have missing data at some time points?
Choosing a measure of similarity to quantify similarity between individuals on a set of personality scales
Generalization of a hazard model
Confidence level for clusters
Multivariate linear bayesian regression in matlab with normal-gamma assumption for data
Deriving risk estimates using forecasting confidence limits and out of sample hold-out cases
Struggling to make headway with Introduction to Probability by Bertsekas & Tsitsiklis
Clustering 1D data
How to simplify a stretched exponential fit?
Repeated measures ANOVA with lme in R for two within-subject factors
Where to find credit risk data set?
Split plot in R
How to add multiple question to a variable in AMOS?
Which one is the null hypothesis? Conflict between science theory, logic and statistics?
Entropy value for different sets of data
