How to combine unbound variables with very different frequency distributions?
Is there a difference between an index score and a composite score?
Threshold for correlation coefficient to indicate statistical significance of a correlation in a correlation matrix
Probability of an event that is not measureable
Modelling worst, average and best case capacity of a system
How does "ward" clustering (in R's hclust function) work?
Practical definition of a UMP test?
Help with creating a formula for "diversity coefficient"
Can I use "left eye" and "right eye" in my sample as two different subjects?
How to quantify correlation stability?
Is subjective weighting acceptable to create composites for correlation analysis?
Bootstrap and randomization tests to compare paired data sets
How to apply Mahalanobis weighted regression in R?
How to determine another similarity measure?
CDF of first passage time for Poisson dam/shot noise with constant amplitude jumps and exponential decay
What methods to use for statistical prediction/forecast of trading data?
How does dinterval() for interval censored data work in JAGS?
Discordances in total and cardiovascular mortality
Adjusting PCA based on prior information
Not-significant F but a significant coefficient in multiple linear regression
What is the best way of weighing cardinal scores and Likert scale scores to create a composite score?
Is there an R equivalent of SAS PROC FREQ?
Best way to select useful features using R software
How can I improve my analysis of the effects of reputation on voting?
Finding overall p-value for GLS model
Excel pivot table with multiple total columns
Correct use of partial derivatives? (Example: polynomial regression)
Compare R-squared from two different Random Forest models
Statistics for benchmarking code
Does a distance have to be a "metric" for an hierarchical clustering to be valid on it?
Boxplot for several distributions?
How can I predict values from new inputs of a linear model in R?
Does this make sense when linear regression results are out of the -1/+1 bandwidth?
Order statistics (e.g., minimum) of infinite collection of chi-square variates?
How would one visualize this data using bar charts?
How to understand what is the distribution in the population my sample came from?
Covariance and variance relation
How do I algorithmically determine values of T1 & T2 for canopy clustering?
How to import data and create a scatter plot in R?
How do I compare correlation coefficients of the same variables across different groups?
Are composite scores rank order or interval data?
I have imported the data in R, how to make a scatter plot?
R apply error: 'X' must have named dimnames
Cross-matrix inference and correlations
Most appropriate statistical treatment where participants select five statements from a list
Imputation with panel data exhibiting dependence structure
How to use the extracted components from varimax rotation as independent variables?
How many copies of shredded text are needed for getting 99.9% reconstruction of mutated text?
Which is a better method of comparing correlation coefficients?
Majority vote accuracy in an ensemble
Fit between two curves
Labels in the Digit1 dataset for semi-supervised learning
Is there an R implementation to some Mixed models quantile regression statistical procedure?
Assumptions and pitfalls in competing risks model
Can we compare correlations between groups by comparing regression slopes?
Excel's CHIDIST function in MATLAB for large values
What to do in case of low inter-rater reliability (ICC)?
Training sample division vs extra binary/nominal factor
How to interpret variance ratio test results?
Why two series are cointegrated but not mean-reverting?
Using information on both sides of a 'gap' in time series data for imputation
Can Spearman's correlation be run on z scores?
Two correlated DVs in a multiple regression
Treating categorical variables in logistic regression in SAS
Treating categorical variables in logistic regression in SAS -- follow-up
Closed form for the precision matrix of a multivariate normal
What is the $i$th sufficient statistic in the EM algorithm for Gaussian mixture models?
Determining the reliability of weather forecast
How can I improve my cross-correlation methodology?
Text mining software (beyond R)
Is there a way to represent datasets using Predictive Model Markup Language?
T test or Chi square?
How can I calculate an average speed rate that ignores occasional anomalies?
Is Fisher's exact test right for this problem?
Using a deterministic trend in OLS
Best functional form to describe a scatterplot with a z-shape appearance with noise
Is it meaningful to test for normality with a very small sample size (e.g., n = 6)?
Combining two time-series by averaging the data points
Tutorials for drawing an ROC curve
How to visualize system log data in "phase space"?
A question of standard normal cdf
Weighted clustering on large spatial dataset
Visualizing 2-letter combinations
What's the difference between principal components analysis and multidimensional scaling?
How to normalize multiple vectors?
Intra- and inter-rater reliability on the same data
Linear regression with factors in R
Distributed quantile algorithm with duplicates
What is the best way to learn the fundamentals of probability required for machine learning algorithms?
Trend analysis with three time points in a repeated measures design
Data representation in a better way?
Problem in evaluating naive Bayes
Finding distribution of a sample
Example implementation of random forest
Degrees of freedom for post-hoc tests
Combining randomForests in R, why are the err.rate, mse and rsq components NULL
Drawing Chernoff graph in R with only four face features?
What can you do with 'crazy' data?
Clustering with some cluster centers fixed/known
Generate uniformly distributed weights that sum to unity?
Area under the "pdf" in kernel density estimation in R
What is the mathematical difference between Cpk and Ppk?
How to come up with research questions in statistical theory?
To what extent is the distinction between correlation and causation relevant to Google?
Comparing sample to a known population
Examples of wrapping open source machine learning software in PMML?
Implementation of maximum likelihood estimation in a proportional odds model
Phillips–Perron unit root test instead of ADF test?
Post hoc test after ANOVA with repeated measures using R
Time series modeling in R on a weekly basis over multiple years featuring different number of weeks in each year
References for creating Neuropsychological composite scores
Why do lme and aov return different results for repeated measures ANOVA in R?
What is the difference between "mean value" and "average"?
Testing a binomial model
"Regular" 20-sided die, vs "life counter" 20-sided die. Same probabilities?
When to use Student's or Normal distribution in linear regression ?
Using k-fold cross-validation for time-series model selection
How to specify labels per facet in ggplot2?
How a strong trend could be mean-reverting?
How few samples are needed to compare two means?
R package for identifying relationships between variables
R package for smooth transition regression models
Why Phillips-Perron test returns "singularities in regression"?
Best statistic to compare frequencies in two datasets
How to prove that expectations of a sequence of random variables always increase?
Drawing multiple barplots on a graph in R
Using monomvn to impute monotone missings
Fisher's distribution and its approximation
How to compute the Kullback-Leibler divergence when the PMF contains 0s?
In Brownian motion, how does the absolute value of a particle's distance from the center scale with respect to number of iterations?
How to best display graphically type II (beta) error, power and sample size?
Nonparameteric multivariate density approximation -- where do I start?
Why are degrees of freedom so high in repeated measures mixed models?
Calculating standard error and attaching an error bar on ggplot2 bar chart
Based only on these sensitivity and specificity values, what is the best decision method?
How to plot non-uniform bar chart using GNUplot?
How to generate random categorical data?
How to model categorical (discrete-valued) time series?
Definition of "degree of interaction" in the MARS model
How to generate two correlated categorical variables?
What is a good reference on simulating ordinal random variables?
How can I determine which columns best correlate with target column in a SQL Server Table?
How to generate random auto correlated binary time series data?
Counterintuitive result for random sample
Transform continuous variable to discrete variable
Finding correlation of discrete distribution data
Simple linear regression -- through a specific point
What techniques are used for empirical, stochastic simulation of a time series?
k-fold CV of forecasting financial time series -- is performance on last fold more relevant?
Correlating various diagnoses with amount of weight gained
How to show that the variances of 2 sets of 3D points are different?
Varying group coefficients in lme4
What machine learning techniques are especially susceptible to "over-tuning" of their hyperparameters?
SVM - R - Improving the classification of a binary target variable
Choosing variables for Discriminant Analysis
If mean is so sensitive, why use it in the first place?
Calculating confidence intervals via bootstrap on dependent observations
Ways of finding associations in time series
How well does R scale to text classification tasks?
How to test hypothesis  that correlation is equal to given value using R?
How to compute if difference between subject is significant
Given the power of computers these days, is there ever a reason to do a Chi-squared test rather than Fisher's exact test?
ANOVA for non-normal heterogenous unequally replicated data
Eigenfunctions of an adjacency matrix of a time series?
When using the beta distribution as a prior distribution for binomial, why won't the distribution results match with the calculated probability?
Zero regression coefficient when correlations are not zero
Normalisation for regression
Analysis hierarchical circular mixture data
When should one use multiple regression with dummy coding vs. ANCOVA?
Understanding text Clustering
Principal component analysis basis vectors
Difference in statistical powers between two nested models
What's the distribtion of eigenvalues of a real and symmetric Toeplitz matrix?
write.table extra column
Gibbs sampling for a simple linear model -- need help with the likelihood function
Statistical significance for correlated significance tests
Multi-level Pairwise Analysis on explanatory variables in Gaussian GLM
Checking if a nominal variable is important in a GLM model
AB Multi-variate testing - when can I eliminate worst performing variants?
Seeking suggestions for summarizing and visualizing data
Proving significantly better performance in binary forecasting
How to generate random sample with controlled repetition?
Grouping a "other" group with R and ggplot2
Designing a test for a psychic who says he can influence dice rolls
Bayesian classifier and discovery of new classifications
Is it possible to graph this?
Grouping data in ranges in R by summing them
What are the issues when performing an ANCOVA with a covariate that is influenced by experimental manipulation?
Getting the weights to compare AMORE NN models?
When the population has a known fixed size, are tables for the t statistic wrong?
Case weighted logistic regression
Non-normality in MANOVA with significant planned contrasts versus non-significance in Kruskal-Wallis- A Conundrum
A doubt about the cointegration tests
Is this an efficient way to merge data frames in R?
Sampling from a posterior distribution in SAS
Is there a package in R which implements the weighted maximum likelihood method?
Bootstrapping with a small number of observations
Theoretical corrections of the training error for time series data
Forecasting time series based on a behavior of other one
What is the most computationally efficient way to sample from an unnormalized density?
Comparing two binary distributions
Estimating Markov chain probabilities
How to get forestplot to accept an expression in row label?
How to compute the gradient for logistic regression in Matlab?
Queuing theory question
Is there a way to measure the information content (or difference) in two matrices?
Highly irregular time series
Sample size via confidence intervals
What is a minimum sample size for a paired t-test and what is a non-parametric equivalent if data is non-normal?
General advice on modeling
How to compare proportions across different groups with varying population sizes?
In SAS, how do I perform a one sided test of the coefficient in a linear regression?
Dynamic mean of randomly distributed events
How many cases are needed for an extrapolation?
Correlations between axis scores in PC-ORD
Theory on discriminant analysis in small sample size conditions
How to draw a random sample from distribution of prediction?
Multinomial distributions: Random walks
What are latest statistical challenges regarding missing data?
Interpretation problems for 9 categories of response variable in ordinal and probit regression
How to report hazard ratios from a Cox proportional hazards model in English?
Radial distribution histogram of a cartesian picture
What is a trend line?
Does the 'reference group' in a Cox proportional hazards model have to exist?
As a reviewer, can I justify requesting data and code be made available even if the journal does not?
Quantifying the loss of efficiency incurred by a pseudo-likelihood estimator relative to the true maximum likelihood estimator
(Stochastic) optimization with multivariate predictive distribution
Prediction with GLS
Logarithms and regression
Unconstrained Optimization using Gradient and (sparse) Hessian
Appropriateness of Wilcoxon signed rank test
Software needed to scrape data from graph
How to read data from Microsoft Access .accdb database files into R?
How can I convert a Gauss-Markov process to i.i.d. Gaussian process?
How to understand Bayesian statistics?
How to automatically update R to the latest patched version?
How to aggregate and merge these two data.frames?
How to test for significant differences in means across  four within subject conditions where dependent variable is a proportion?
GLM model validation
Degrees of freedom for Chi-squared test
Scores and normal distributions
How to remove skewness from the population?
Standard errors for transformation of MLE
Power calculation for a case-control study with a continuous outcome
Compendium of cross-validation techniques
How to plot a learning curve based on a sequence of date stamped successes and failures?
Quantiles from the combination of normal distributions
Support vector regression for multivariate time series prediction
Intuitive explanation for density of transformed variable?
Median adjusted normalization used in quantitative proteomics
Automating plotting CSV files quickly and with some level of artistic control
Query data.frame through Bash script argument with Rscript
How can a regression be significant yet all predictors be non-significant?
This should be CW?
Testing if data comes from a normal distribution with mean 0 and unknown variance in Matlab
Frequency of a wavelet filter
How to test for differences from baseline where dependent variable is non-normally distributed using SPSS?
Fractional integration and cointegration with R
Align multiple ggplot2 plots with grid
What variation can I expect between lab results if the coefficient of variation is 9%?
Understanding bootstrapping for validation and model selection
Incidence density sampling in R 
Variable order and accounted variability in linear mixed-effects modeling
Creating point clusters of a specified size using R
Draw multiple plots on one graph in R?
Testing coefficient equality across two Tobit models
Elliptic regression, basic conceptual question
Representing the anova's interaction in R
What is the distribution of this nearly-Hotelling statistic?
Not usual piecewise linear regression
Format for distance matrix for running hclust in R
Logistic regression with within and between subject effects
What is the default significance level for chisq.test() in R?
How to interpret regression coefficients in logistic regression?
How to interpret Zivot & Andrews unit root test?
Regression of Y on different quantiles of X in Stata
Simulation and change of probability
Do image recognition efforts always rely on machine learning and statistics?
What do you call a chart that looks like a half pie chart with a needle indicating a percentage?
Specifying parameter constraints in nls()
Is the order important when applying unit root tests?
Plotting density in two different ways gives wildly different looking curves
Time dummies in ordered probit regression
Do you have a global vision on those analysis techniques?
How to analyse three independent variables and two dependent variables?
What statistical analysis should be used to solve this problem
Visualizing multiple tables
Classification vs clustering
Individual comparisons with logistic regression
quantile regression in stata
How does one prove that a separating hyper-plane exists for a linearly separable pattern?
Acceptable r-square value for multiple linear regression model
Project management for remote collaboration in prediction
Clustering of multivariate data
Adding arrows to rising edges of pulse plots in matplotlib
Are decision forests and random forests the same thing?
Examples or best practices for use of MiningBuildTask element in PMML
Are linearly dependent contrasts permitted when performing planned comparisons in within-subjects ANOVA?
ggplot2 in function or S4
How to test whether percentage is significantly greater than 50% after averaging across three experiments?
In SAS, is there a way to iterative refit a regression using different weights for observation with positive residual and negative residuals?
Did I find a bug in the tseries or urca packages?
Logistic regression with binary dependent and independent variables
How to plot a stair steps function with ggplot?
How to summarise data by group with weighted mean?
How to replicate a plot of means for a 2 by 3 by 4 design in R?
Scaling a distribution in JAGS
Average per line vs. Average per column: is total average the same?
Reporting results of a logistic regression
How to choose number of lags for Zivot unit root test?
How to choose the tolerance parameter for ABC?
Testing significance of overlap in R
Identifying sequential patterns
Problem with URCA package: No critical values
How can I compare the relative effects between values of a categorical IV?
$\frac{X_T-X_C}{X_T}$ vs $\frac{X_T}{X_C}$ as a metric of treatment effect?
Simulate Probit Marginal Effects with an interaction term
Is it appropriate to compare means using t-test where the raw data are percentages?
What is the appropriate method to use to calculate customer lifetime value?
Lower bound for tail of hypergeometric distribution
Frequency range of wavelet packets decomposition at each level
How should I classify stores based on the demographics of their customers?
A problem using Bayesian modeling to impute a variable measured with error
Measure of similarity or distance between two symmetric covariance matrices
Meta-regression with dependent variables of different distributions
Eigenvectors corresponding to eigenvalues
Help with Johansen procedure to check the cointegration
Can I account for an unknown starting period while estimating reliability?
Suggestions for summarizing data both visually and statistically
R language-statistics-significance testing
How do I interpret this Weibull plot?
Kendall's W for multiple objects and multiple surveys
How do I deal with datasets that have many values out of range / over threshold?
Are Fisher Linear Discriminant and Logistic Regression Classifier related?
Similarity calculations for arrays
Is there a package for R that allows smoothing splines in GEE?
How to simulate the success of an RF packet transfer knowing the packet size and BER
How to forecast CPU demand from a time series?
Multinomial ~ binary/count data
What to call this intermediate step in my maximum a posteriori calculation?
How to model missing statistics in an actuarial table of age related mortality rates?
What is the distribution of the binomial distribution parameter N given sample k and p?
How is the bayesian framework better in interpretation when we usually use uninformative or subjective priors?
Convergence proof for perceptron algorithm with margin
Using ANCOVA with data matched on propensity scores
"Compressing" a 10D Gaussian mixture into a 1D Gaussian
Controlling unobserved determinants in time series regression
Selection of priors for a BYM spatial regression model
How to test for increases in categorical variable values measured over time?
Specifying $c=p(.)\cdot sp$ (Huggins) model in RMark
Auto.arima with daily data: how to capture seasonality/periodicity?
What does the dashed bounds mean when plotting a contour plot with R GAM?
Interpreting the output of structural break detection function
Hessian of profile likelihood used for standard error estimation
Using an If condition inside SPSS syntax
Is an online chi square calculator available for larger tables?
Learning multiple output
Calculating confidence interval from binomial distribution
What method to detect structural breaks on time series?
Interpretation of n-way ANOVA results using different models in MATLAB
MCMC sampling of decision tree space vs. random forest
Is there a way to read one CSV data set from a tar.gz with many data sets in R langauge?
How can I estimate the probability of a random member from one population being "better" than a random member from a different population?
How to run JAGS as fast as possible on Mac?
Inter-rater reliability with many non-overlapping raters
Inference about the outcomes of two logistic regressions
Ordered category agreement
Model selection with AIC and model efficiency
Ripper algorithm on large data sets
Interpreting interaction regression coefficients?
Why does chi-square testing use the expected count as the standard deviation?
Bicubic/bilinear interpolation in R
Is it allowed to incorporate static covariates in Mixed effects models with time series data?
How to compare data with difference in scale?
Approach required for real-world classification of users using very sparse high-dimensional dependent data
Presenting logistic model fit graphically 
Does this distribution have a name? Or what is a stochastic process that could generate it?
Imputing/instrumenting for missing variables in a case-control study
Suggestions for inference and visualization
How to calculate stock volatility in %?
Poisson regression instead of log transformation of a continuous outcome variable?
Recursive partitioning using median (instead of mean)
Predicting binary values with binary independent variables in logistic regression
What is the best tool for customer segmentation?
How to calculate derivative of the contractive auto-encoder regularization term?
Hypothesis testing terminology surrounding null
Quantifying how successful results of clustering are with a test
Fitting a probability distribution to zero inflated data in R
How does mean and median play an important role in data mining?
How to check if the volatility is stationary?
Confidence intervals of coefficients in polynomial regression
Comparing two GLMs using cross validation
