References for Survival Analysis
R command for stcox in STATA
Why does AIC formula in R appear to use one extra parameter than expected?
Orthogonal parametrization
Why Are Mean 0 And Standard Deviation 1 Distributions Always Used
Approximating density function for a non-normal distribution
Effects of scale on the beta-binomial distribution
Help me understand nMDS algorithm
How to define the significance threshold for mutual information in terms of probability of that value occurring in surrogate set?
Equation to calculate a smooth line given an irregular time series?
Density function for a multivariate Bernoulli-like distribution
Tonga: low rank approximation of the natural gradient, question regarding Le Roux et al. 2007
How to handle count data (categorical data), when it has been converted to a rate?
How to represent an unbounded variable as number between 0 and 1
Linear Regression
Modeling success rate with gaussian distribution
Reasons besides prediction to build models?
Regression-mult obs per subject
Multiple Chi-Squared Tests
Simple algorithm for online outlier detection of a generic time series
Is there an intuitive explanation why multicollinearity is a problem in linear regression?
What code would you put before/after your R session?
Why Haven't Robust (and Resistant) Statistics Replaced Classical Techniques?
Longer object length is not a multiple of shorter object length?
CI for a difference based on independent CIs
Alternative graphics to "handle bar" plots
How can I test if given samples are taken from a Poisson distribution?
Introduction to index decomposition analysis
Practical thoughts on explanatory vs. predictive modeling
How can I apply a Pareto tail to a truncated distribution?
Ranking distributional data by similarity
Two-sample T-test with weighted data
Period detection of a generic time series
Analysis of sells (what to buy)
Robust outlier detection in financial timeseries
Heterogeneity with two studies
How to interpret a control chart containing a majority of zero values?
Ruby statistical gem
What do ROC curves tell you that traditional inference wouldn't?
Non-trivial bound for $E[\exp(Z^2)]$ when $Z \sim {\rm Bin}(n, n^{-\beta})$ with $\beta \in (0,1)$
Statistical models cheat sheet
How to limit my input data for Jaccard item-item similarity calc
How can one speed up this correlation calculation in R without multicore?
What is the correct likelihood function for an sequential, adaptive data generation process?
Fitting a fixed, exponential relationship between categories with categorical data
A non-parametric repeated-measures multi-way Anova in R?
SVD dimensionality reduction for time series of different length
Exponential moving averages of a time series with varying sampling
How to organize a dataset with many attributes
Best way to show these or similar count data are not independent?
Is calculating Incidence Rate Difference/Ratio appropriate for single case experimental design?
How can I obtain some of all possible combinations in R?
Visualizing multiple "histograms"
What is the weak side of decision trees?
Essential reads for people interested in Actuary and Actuarial science
How to find a confidence interval for the total number of events
Automation of standardization
Extending the birthday paradox to more than 2 people
What are some possible career options?
How do i figure out what kind of distribution this is?
Visualizing two scalar variables over time
Parametric techniques for n-related samples
Statistics Jokes
How to get around Numerical Overflow in Stata?
References for how to plan a study
How could I predict the results of a simple card game?
Is mutual information invariant to scaling, i.e. multiplying all elements by a nonzero constant?
Intuition for higher moments in circular statistics
Sampling according to a normal distribution
Robust version of Hotelling $T^2$ test
Estimating variability over time
Comparing multiple contingency tables, independent data
Suggest a method for statistical data compression
Techniques for Handling Incomplete/Missing Data
Robust t-test for mean
What is numerical overflow?
Libraries for forest and funnel plots
Obtaining and interpreting bootstrapped confidence intervals from hierarchical data
Statistical test for difference between two odds ratios?
Consequences of an improper link function in N alternative forced choice procedures (e.g. 2AFC)?
Mixed regression models and custom link functions in R?
The "Risk" game dice problem
Time-series data pre-aggregated into non-stationary rolling 12-month periods: are there special considerations for modeling?
Example of a 2nd order stationary, but not strictly stationary process
What do the residuals in a logistic regression mean?
Can Principal Component Analysis be used alone to infer major patterns within data instead of k means clustering?
Example of a stochastic process that is 1st and 2nd order stationary, but not strictly stationary (Round 2)
How should I transform non-negative data including zeros?
r-squared: I have never fully grasped the interpretation
How to identify points and an unknown distribution in a two type clustering problem?
What is the distribution of OR (odds ratio)?
Why is multiple comparison a problem?
How to identify transfer functions in a time series regression forecasting model?
Ideal transformation for consumption variable in a probit model
Using Std.Dev and Mean to generate hypothetical/additional data points?
A Primer on Estimator Efficiency?
Is it possible to directly read CSV columns as categorical data?
Visualization software for clustering
Testing implementation of Anderson-Darling test for uniform RV
Few machine learning problems
Correcting experiment results
What is the distribution of $\chi^n_k$?
Cognitive processing/interpretation of data visualizations techniques
What resources/methods exist for testing/validation or evaluation of Statistical Methods
Example of using binomial distribution
Useful statistical functions for business -- for use by a newbie
On univariate outlier tests (or: Dixon Q versus Grubbs)
The expected value of random variable on tosses of a coin
Data Mining and Statistical Analysis
What's the difference between a probability and a proportion?
What type of post-fit analysis of residuals do you use
How to calculate the "exact confidence interval" for relative risk?
Best method for comparing multiple ranging measures
What are the advantages of using mutual information over Pearson correlation in network inference?
Why does the supremum of the Brownian bridge have the Kolmogorov–Smirnov distribution?
What is the expected MINIMUM value drawn from a uniform distribution between 0 and 1 after n trials?
Analysis of multiple time series
Test if differences between frequencies is significant
Statistically Significant vs Independent/Dependent
James-Stein shrinkage 'in the wild'?
Normalizing data
What dependence is implied by a chi square test for independence?
How can I calculate the conditional probability of several events?
Recreating traditional null hypothesis testing with Bayesian methods
What are the differences between Factor Analysis and Principal Component Analysis
Regression coefficients that flip sign after including other predictors
Appropriate link function for 2AFC data?
Specific question about interpretation of r
Python as a statistics workbench
Normalizing Transformation Options
Constructing smoothing splines with cross-validation
Is there a way to remember the definitions of Type I and Type II Errors?
Do working statisticians care about the difference between frequentist and bayesian inference?
Using information geometry to define distances and volumes…useful?
Comparing 2 independent non-central t statistics
Based on z-score, is it possible to compute confidence without looking at a z-table?
If the t-test and the ANOVA for two groups are equivalent, why aren't their assumptions equivalent?
Appropriate normality tests for small samples
Intraclass correlation and aggregation
Using mixed effects modelling to estimate and compare variability
How to fit a negative binomial distribution in R while incorporating censoring
What is a test of independence
Which 2-sample univariate t-test to use?
What books provide an overview of engineering statistics?
What books provide an overview of computational statistics as it applies to computer science?
Fisher information and the "surface area of the typical set"
I just installed the latest version of R. What packages should I obtain?
Chernoff-like bound for largest allowed deviation?
Applied statistics to find the minimum load for power factor floor
Tangency portfolio in R
Variation in PCA weights
How to draw a probable outcome from a distribution?
Express answers in terms of original units, in Box-Cox transformed data
Video/Audio online material for getting into Bayesian analysis and logistic-regressions
Export/format output from pairwise.t.test to LaTeX
Method to compare variable coefficient in two regression models
Survival Analysis tools in Python
How to find all unique combinations of factors in a data.frame in R?
How can you approximate the number of trials to success given a particular Pr(Success)?
Visualizing standard deviation on a Cartesian plot
Significant Difference between two network graphs
Statistics/Probability Videos for Beginners
What are alternatives to broken axes?
What are correct values for precision and recall in edge cases?
Shall I trust AIC (non-full model) or slope (full model)?
How to start an analysis of keywords from a bibliography and detect correlations?
Unbiased estimation of covariance matrix for multiply censored data
Using bootstrap for glm coefficients variance estimation (in R)
Meaningful deviation measure with strongly varying datapoints
What would a confidence interval around a predicted value from a mixed effects model mean?
Recommendations - or best practices - for analyzing non-independent data. Specific example relating to pain perception data provided
Fisher's Exact Test in contingency tables larger than 2x2
How to perform Student's t-test having only sample size, sample average and population average are known?
FA: Choosing Rotation matrix, based on "Simple Structure Criteria"
Comparing two genetic algorithms
Recommended books on experiment design?
How to determine the sample size needed for repeated measurement ANOVA?
Test for Poolability of Individual Data Series
Cross-Validation in plain english?
What algorithm is used in linear regression?
How do I vertically stack two graphs with the same x scale, but a different y scale in R?
Hypothesis testing that one time-series of a measure of entropy doesn't belong to a population
What are the pros and cons of using the logrank vs. the Mantel-Haenszel method for computing the Hazard Ratio in survival analysis?
Bayesian rating system with multiple categories for each rating
Difference between Cohen's d and Hedges' g for effect size metrics
Find parametric representation of cluster surface
Testing two independent samples for null of same skew?
Application of machine learning techniques in small sample clinical studies
Regression specification choices
How to summarize categorical data?
Might be an unbalanced within subjects repeated measures?
What is the expected number of runs of same color in a standard deck of cards?
How to simulate a custom power analysis of an lm model (using R)
How to learn how to use a new statistical GUI?
Based on my data, is Jack likely to be clumsy?
Parametric Surface Reconstruction from Contours with Quick Rescaling
Is my weatherman accurate?
Analysis of cross correlation between point-processes
Revolutions in statistics for the last 50 years?
Determining the "variability" of a benchmark
Statistics conferences?
Data mining conferences?
Machine Learning conferences?
Why can scale invariance cause a loss of explanatory power?
Choice for priors for exponential spatial covariance
Newman's modularity clustering for graphs
How to compute efficiency?
Is there an accepted definition for the median of a sample on the plane, or higher ordered spaces?
Whither bootstrapping - can someone provide a simple explanation to get me started?
Quantitative methods and statistics conferences in psychology?
What is the name of this normalization?
Comparing noisy data sequences to estimate the likelihood of them being produced by different instances of an identical Markov process
Can you use normal correlation for vectors with only 2 (or 3), ordered, levels?
Looking for good introductory treatment of meta-analysis
Kernel bandwidth in Kernel density estimation
Density estimation methods?
What is a statistical journal with quick turnaround?
Family-wise confidence intervals
Complete substantive examples of reproducible research using R
Under what conditions should one use multilevel/hierarchical analysis?
How problematic is it to control for non-independent covariates in an observational (i.e., non-randomized) study?
How do I decide what span to use in LOESS regression in R?
A survey of data-mining software tools
Measures of publication "importance" in statistics?
Conditional expectation given number of outcomes
Estimating population correlation based on current data and a previous study
Plotting standard errors
Recommend some books/articles/guides to enter predictive analytics?
The distribution of the linear combination of Gamma random variables
Estimating mean and st dev of a truncated gaussian curve without spike
Interpretation of biplots in principal components analysis in R
Learning parameters of a mixture of Gaussian using MLE
Short online videos that could assist a lecture on statistics
How can I (numerically) approximate values for a beta distribution with large alpha & beta
Follow up: In a mixed within-between ANOVA plot estimated SEs or actual SEs?
Does a cointegration model exist for irregularly spaced time series?
How to make a time series stationary?
What's good about I-projections?
Checking assumptions for random effects in nested mixed-effects models in R / S-Plus
Quickly evaluate (visually) correlations between ordered categorical data in R?
Computing probability distribution function for uniform random variables and Y=1-X
Relationship between poisson and exponential distribution
How to make Marsaglia polar method return values [0, 1)?
