Free treemapping software
How to get Sphericity in R for a nested within subject design?
Using [R] to connect to a Web Service
Computing best subset of predictors for linear regression
Flowcharts to help selecting the proper analysis technique and test?
Wald-Wolfowitz Runs Test for Normality Assumptions Testing
How can I estimate coefficient standard errors when using ridge regression?
What's the difference between correlation and simple linear regression?
How to prove the exponential expansion recursive form?
For a classification problem if class variable has unequal distribution which technique we should use?
R package for fixed-effect logistic regression
How do I compare the repeatability of two sets of experiments with a low number of samples?
Linear regression effect sizes when using transformed variables
For data similar to audio, how to determine if their are 1 or 2 categories?
What is the difference between a particle filter (sequential Monte Carlo) and a Kalman filter?
How to plot ROC curves in multiclass classification?
How to interpret a control chart containing a majority of zero values? (Part 2)
How to draw a line or add a text outside of the plot area in R?
Applying the "kernel trick" to linear methods?
How to compute the standard error of an L-estimator?
Preferred method for identifying curvilinear effect in multi-variable regression framework
Resources for learning to create data visualizations?
Variable importance from SVM
Book recommendations for multivariate analysis
Can you explain why statistical tie is not naively when p_1-p_2 < 2 MOE?
How to reconstruct ensemble of trees from random forest?
Precedent for Bootstrap-like procedure with "invented" data?
Find range of possible values for probability of intersection given individual probabilities
Feed-forward and recurrent neural networks?
Estimating parameters of sum-stable RV via L-estimators
Two answers to the dartboard problem
How do we create a confidence interval for the parameter of a permutation test?
Books covering how to conduct a meta-anlysis
Convergence in probability vs. almost sure convergence
Alternatives to logistic regression ? (in R)
Standard errors for estimates of smoothing parameters
Kaplan-Meier, survival analysis and plots in R
Statistics and causal inference?
What is the proper way to analyze discrete data?
Adding labels to points using mds and scatter3d package with R
How to prove that preimage of measurable space is measurable?
When is it acceptable to collapse across groups when performing a factor analysis?
Area Under Curve (AUC) - given peak mean and standard deviation (SD)
Expected value of small sample
Access tables created in SAS Enterprise Guide Client into SAS Enterprise Miner Client?
How to plot a violin scatter boxplot (in R)?
What's the difference between a confidence interval and a credible interval?
How can I determine accuracy of past probability calculations?
Counting how many times a package has been loaded in R?
Determination of effect size for a repeated measures ANOVA power analysis
Recommended books or articles as introduction to Cluster Analysis?
Lumping in Markov process with absorbing states
Papers on Bayesian factor analysis?
Visualization of a multivariate function
Statistical forensics: Benford and beyond
Feature selection for "final" model when performing cross-validation in machine learning
What software allows non-parametric repeated-measures multi-way Anova?
What are good references for dynamic pricing?
Setting up experiment for statistical analysis
How to perform Neural Network modelling effectively?
Output of logistic model in R
How to standardize a data-set
Trees generated by multi-type branching processes in n steps
Best way to present a random forest in a publication?
Metropolis-Hastings algorithms used in practice
Why does the random forest OOB estimate of error improve when the number of features selected are decreased?
When are Shao's results on leave-one-out cross-validation applicable?
Are there any examples where Bayesian credible intervals are obviously inferior to frequentist confidence intervals
Explain the difference between multiple regression and multivariate regression, with minimal use of symbols/math
Is there a biglm equivalent for coxph?
Factor analysis of questionnaires composed of Likert items
A transform to change skew without affecting kurtosis?
What are the 'big problems' in statistics?
Testing prediction time series against real data
Data visualisation- summarise 190 means and response rates
What practical implications/interpretations are there of a kurtotic distribution?
What is the relationship between a chi square test and test of equal proportions?
Asymptotic distribution of multinomial
Is it appropriate to treat n-point Likert scale data as n trials from a binomial process?
Survey questionnaire rebasing after removal of a selection
Can CART models be made robust?
Boosted Decision Trees in python?
Date/Time data on the y-axis
Standard reference for classical mathematical statistics?
How should one approch Project Euler problem 213
When does rules based classifier outperforms decision trees?
LOESS that allows discontinuities
Desirable and undesirable properties of Latin squares in experiments?
How to choose df for comparisons between summary statistics (e.g. slope values)?
How to make age pyramid like plot in R?
Markov Process about only depending on previous state
How to import files into R?
Estimate the size of a population being sampled by the number of repeat observations
Classification after factor analysis
Post hoc tests in ANCOVA
Measuring Document Similarity
Asymptotic power
How to model and test a decision support system (e.g. a terrorist warning system)?
Normality Testing: 'Essentially Useless?'
Managing error with GPS routes (theoretical framework?)
Explain what a kernel is, in plain English
Test for finite variance?
Can we approximate this function by a polynomial?
Pitman's test of equality of variance and testing for regression to the mean: am I doing the right thing?
Are large data sets inappropriate for hypothesis testing?
Confidence intervals on differences in choices in a GEE framework: methods and alternatives?
Is there a reference that suggest using 30 as a large enough sample size?
Why is median age a better statistic than mean age?
Issues using Hermite approximation to bivariate Gaussian in R
Gputools for R: how to interpret the experimental procedure?
What are some of the best ranking algorithms with inputs as up and down votes?
Correlation stress testing
Difference between histogram and pdf?
How to rank the results of questions with categorical answers?
Swamy Random Coefficient Model and time fixed effects
Measuring goodness-of-fit in a model that combines two distributions
Graphing low-end prices of goods in a market over time
Is the survival function the same as the upper tail?
When to use (non)parametric test of homoscedasticity assumption?
How to project a vector onto matrix of rotation in PCA
What stop-criteria for agglomerative hierarchical clustering are used in practice?
Probability to find the treasure five times in row
How to deal with correlations not statistically significantly different from zero?
How to combine confidence intervals for a variance component of a mixed-effects model when using multiple imputation
How to explain such a big difference between parametric and non parametric test (and other questions)?
Analytical solutions to limits of correlation stress testing
How can I determine the best fit normal distribution from this information?
Continuous and Categorical variable data analysis
Autocorrelation in the presence of non-stationarity?
Statistical inference when the sample "is" the population
Can someone explain the C-Index in the context of hierarchical clustering?
Conjugate prior for a Gamma distribution
How to compare different distributions with reference truth value in Matlab?
What is the difference between "likelihood" and "probability"?
Predicting proportions from time with a discontinuity
Panel data and selection models issue
Difference between Norm of Residuals and what is a "good" Norm of Residual
What should be the data collection strategy for our first Polystats Project?
All-Purpose Sample Entropy
Odds at least 1 person is born in January?
How to calculate average time in service
Is a random sample of a Poisson distribution also Poisson distributed?
How does "correlation among repeated measures" work for repeated measures power analysis in g*power?
Understanding productivity or expenses over time without falling victim to stochastic interruptions
Robust linear regression or bootstrap
How would YOU compute IMDB movie rating?
Making sense of principal component analysis, eigenvectors & eigenvalues
How good is my error?
Rules of thumb for "modern" statistics
Clustering with a distance matrix
R plots to a connection?
Algorithm for choosing the number of clusters when using pam in R?
Good resource to understand anova and ancova?
What is an "If-Then" rule?
On the use of oblique rotation after PCA
How to use STATA to pool Cohen's d?
How to efficiently generate Positive Semi Definite correlation matrices?
How to conduct conditional Cox regression for matched case-control study?
Calculating Orwin's (1983) modified Fail-safe N in a meta-analysis with Odds Ratio as summary statistic?
What is a consistency check?
Good text on Clinical Trials?
What is the difference between PCA and asymptotic PCA?
Modelling longitudinal data where the effect of time varies in functional form between individuals
What's recommended for the number of users to use in qualitative and quantitative usability studies?
Combining repeated experiments into one dataset
Significance of the slope of a straight line fit
Best PCA Algorithm For Huge Number of Features?
Correcting p values for multiple tests where tests are correlated (genetics)
What are good resources/criteria for judging human bias in data collection?
Checking ANOVA assumptions
Measures of model complexity
What is the difference between summary and loadings for princomp?
An easy explanation for the parallel coordinates plot
How to test for causation in a static panel data model with small t?
How to analyze these data?
Calculating probability for bivariate normal distributions based on bootstrapped regression coefficients
PCA on out-of-sample data
Should I reverse score items before running reliability analyses (item-total correlation) and factor analysis?
Which one of the following questions should we address for our first Polystats Project?
Nearest neighbor information for recommendation engines
How will you deal with "don't know" and "missing data" in survey data?
Best value to store ratio data and compare it to time period average
Intuition / interpretation of a distribution of eigenvalues of a correlation matrix?
Moments of a distribution - any use for partial or higher moments?
Dynamic calculation of number of samples required to estimate the mean
How can I work around "lumpiness" in simulated maximum likelihood estimation?
What is the community's take on the Fourth Quadrant?
Computing the cumulative distribution of max drawdown of random walk with drift
How to efficiently manage a statistical analysis project?
How to detect when a regression model is over-fit?
What is a good internet based source of information on Hierarchical Modeling?
Are these formulas for transforming P, LSD, MSD, HSD, CI, to SE as an exact or inflated/conservative estimate of $\hat{\sigma}$ correct?
Is Lorenz curve the same as QQ-plot?
Is there a verifiable way to generate discrete random variables on the basis of an external event?
Metric spaces and the support of a random variable
Using Lorenz curve / Gini coefficient for (non-ecomoical) distribution data
Quantifying QQ plot
How to do community detection in a weighted social network/graph?
kNN randomization test in R?
Have I computed these likelihood ratios correctly?
OLS is BLUE. But what if I don't care about unbiasedness and linearity?
How do you calculate the standard deviation on a multiplicative scale for a distribution that has been transformed logarithmically?
Omega squared for measure of effect in R?
Estimating latent performance potential based on a sequence of observations
What is the definition of "best" as used in the term "best fit" and cross validation?
Pseudo-random orthogonal matrix generation
Normalizing or detrending groups of samples
Clustering variables based on correlations between them
Interpreting output of igraph's fastgreedy.community clustering method
Soft-thresholding vs. Lasso penalization
Sample size calculation for univariate logistic regression
Poll on data collection issues for our first Polystats Project
Log graph question
Factor analysis of dyadic data
Why is Poisson regression used for count data?
How to escape symbolic value in R
Testing hypothesis of no group differences
How to read logical data from a file in R
How to do dimensionality reduction in R
Mean of a sliding window in R
How to look for valleys in a graph?
Bootstrapped regression with total data or bootstrap with matched data?
Does the concordance correlation coefficient make linearity or monotone assumptions?
How do we find concordance between two sets of non-linear, non-monotonic data
Longitudinal comparison of two distributions
Among Matlab and Python, which one is good for statistical analysis?
How to detect which one is the better study when they give you conflicting results?
What is wrong with this "naive" shuffling algorithm?
Differences between tetrachoric and Pearson correlation
Regression analysis and parameter estimates with populations
Quantifying the degree of consistency of two fitted curves
How much can the "pyramid of evidence" be applied to economics and political sciences?
What is your favorite problem for an introduction to probability?
What are the examples for stochastic processes in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science?
Tracking Algorithms
Calculation of Relative Risk Confidence Interval
Parametric sample size calculation and non-parametric analysis
Cross-correlation significance in R
Learning the Structure of a Hierarchical Reinforcement Task
How can I adjust classifier to the scale of the other
Numbers 1-100, calculating how many I must pick to get x% of reliability
Error in estimating the size of a set?
How to perform a test using R to see if data follows normal distribution
Knnclassify() matlab
Linear model with constraints
How should I objectively test my program results?
How to capture R text+image output into one file (html, doc, pdf etc)?
Question on confidence interval
What is this type of circular-link visualization called?
