Use robust standard errors in confint
How to calculate cex.axis automatically so to fit to the maximal width possible (in R)?
Where can I find a good resources for making publication quality line plots
Does a high likelihood of duplicate samples invalidate my data or certain operations on it?
Mixed effects log-linear models
How can I display empirical pdf of my 100x1 vector data in Matlab?
Cross-section and fixed effects models
A good way to show lots of data graphically
Dealing with missing data due to variable not being measured over initial period of a study
Getting seRious about time series with R
Visualizing activity frequency
How can I test the fairness of a d20?
Clustering of a matrix (homogeneity measurement)
Is adjusting p-values in a multiple regression for multiple comparisons a good idea?
How do I order or rank a set of experts?
Given sample size, group means, and misc. post-hoc range statistics, can you suggest a good way to estimate variance through simulation?
Mode, Class and Type of R objects
Inter-experimental variation in survival experiment - how to estimate variability?
Trigonometric operations on standard deviations
How to create a vector with equivalent spacing between its consecutive elements in R?
Multiple Plots in the Same Figure [R]
Dependent variable selection for loglinear segmented regression in time-series analysis of rare events
Timing functions in R
Time series 'clustering' in R
How to measure/argue the goodness of fit of a trendline to a power law?
Do some of you use Google Docs spreadsheet to conduct and share your statistical work with others?
Calculation of seasonality indexes for complex seasonality
How to cope with exploratory data analysis and data dredging in small-sample studies?
Adjusting for covariates in ROC curve analysis
Combining many datasets to increase confidence
Using Covariance Estimator to Perform Linear Regression?
How to teach students who fear statistics?
Visualization of connections between groups
Interpreting 2D correspondence analysis plots
Clustering genes in a time course experiment
Probability of Game Outcomes (with ties!)
Regularization and Mean Estimation
Statistics based on fractal mathematics
Distance between empirically generated distributions (in R)
Interpreting 2D correspondence analysis plots (Part II)
A matching problem for 3 decks of cards
Building a Statistics Library, with Knapsack Constraint
Resources for learning Markov chain and hidden Markov models
Dealing with "trouble maker" samples
Fractal alternative to correlation
Is there an analytical expression for the distribution of the max of a normal k sample?
How hard is to convert a library from S-PLUS 8.0 to R?
Statistical similarity of time series
Rank in R - descending order
Why use a lagged DV as an instrumental variable?
Given a 10D MCMC chain, how can I determine its posterior mode(s) in R?
Is it possible to do time-series clustering based on curve shape?
Calculating posterior probabilities in R?
Ordering of time series for machine learning
Rating how closely one graph models another
Recreating R's hist function's bin counting
Are these equivalent representations of the same hierarchical Bayesian model?
Product of beta distributions
Can I use Synthetic Control Method for Comparative Case Studies with survey data?
R package ltm: How to manipulate title on item response category characteristic curve plot
Does averaging across multiple time series render higher Nyquist frequency?
Difference between FA and PCA
Is it possible to accumulate a set of statistics that describes a large number of samples such that I can then produce a boxplot?
Online algorithm for mean absolute deviation and large data set
Analysis of variables of varying numbers
How to smooth histograms with bins 1, 2, 4, ... wide?
Compare treatments on mean difference between two times
How to deal with not-binary categorical variables in logistic regression (SPSS)
Why Use the Cornish-Fisher Expansion Instead of Sample Quantile?
Excel as a statistics workbench
Smoothness of a surface
From a statistical perspective, can one infer causality using propensity scores with an observational study?
What's the accuracy of data obtained through a random sample?
Smoothing time series data
Comparing mixed effect models with the same number of degrees of freedom
Hurst exponent calculation methodology
Patient distance metrics
Recommendations for visualization type when data has an extremely wide variance
How to quasi match two vectors of strings (in R)?
Calculating percentile of normal distribution
How to Calculate the Pairwise LD for the given data?
Is single precision floating point so bad?
Alternatives to classification trees, with better predictive (e.g: CV) performance?
Reviewing statistics in papers
Computing correlation (and the significance of said correlation) between a pair of time series
Best practice when analysing pre-post treatment-control designs
Load Linux workspace in S-PLUS for Windows
data analysis consultancy
Finding marginal densities of $f (x,y) = c \sqrt{1 - x^2 - y^2}, x^2 + y^2 \leq 1$
How to name the ticks in a python matplotlib boxplot
Cluster Analysis followed by Discriminant Analysis
Obtaining SAS experience
Calculating False Acceptance Rate for a Gaussian Distribution of scores
Why break down the denominator in Bayes' Theorem?
Doing regressions on samples from a very large file: are the means and SEs of the sample coefficients consistent estimators?
If an ANOVA indicates no main effect and no interaction, should the lack of interaction be stated?
How to apply LASSO to IRLS (logistic regression)?
What is the normality test for binary data?
Binomial test for a binary variable
Is Matlab/octave or R better suited for monte carlo simulation?
Can someone explain the concept of 'exchangeability'?
Has anyone used the Marascuillo procedure for comparing multiple proportions?
Are there any R functions which support Reversible Jump MCMC for a GLM or SGLM?
Random numbers and the multicore package
Unbalanced repeated measure design for the given data?
Inter-rater reliability for ordinal or interval data
What is a good resource on table design?
F and t statistics in a regression
Replicating R model in SAS
Adaptive kernel density estimators?
Logistic Regression: Which pseudo R-squared measure is the one to report (Cox & Snell or Nagelkerke)?
Dealing with correlated regressors
How to use Kernel Density Estimation for Prediction?
Is it "rows by columns" or "columns by rows"?
How to deal with survey question with multiple response?
Inconsistency between Chi-sq and CI Estimation using Wald test
Correlation between two variables of unequal size
Survival analysis, one cohort, two classifications
Statistics and data mining software tools for dealing with large datasets
Model suggestion
Robust standard errors for panel data vs robust estimation for panel data
Cox regression and time scale
How to easily determine the results distribution for multiple dice?
What is the best statistical test for a time series?
Plugging in mean values/proportions to a logistic regression with continuous-discrete interaction
Relation between logistic regression coefficient and odds ratio in JMP
CIR Process-Variance reduction
Should we regress x or use logistic regression on x>5000
Multi-way nonparametric anova
How to calculate the standard deviation on a sample set with irregular time periods
How to parameterize the ratio of two normally distributed variables, or the inverse of one?
Forecasting Age distribution
Simple Estimates vs Model for calculating mean and variance of population
Expected distribution of random draws
Combining two confidence intervals/point estimates
Adding coefficients to obtain interaction effects - what to do with SEs?
Repeatability and measurement error from and between observers
A measure to describe the distribution of a dendrogram
"Multiple response" analysis of arrest records
What is the meaning of $\|a\|_p=\left(\sum _{i=1}^n \left|a_i(t)\right|{}^p\right){}^{\frac{1}{p}}$?
Where to cut a dendrogram?
Coefficient / model averaging to control for exogenous circumstances in prediction
Show average instead of median in boxplot
Understanding published data: z-ratio for proportions
Data manipulation in R for functional data analysis
Adding coefficients to obtain interaction effects - can I add standard errors?
Difference between Excel's RAND(), RAND()*RAND(), etc 
Forecasting unemployment rate
Choosing clustering method
Bayes' Theorem and Agresti-Coull: Will it blend?
Is it possible to calculate Pearson/Spearman correlation of more than two judges in MATLAB?
Microsoft Excel formula for variance
Approximating $Pr[n \leq X \leq m]$ for a discrete distribution
Pearson's or Spearman's correlation with non-normal data
What intuitive explanation is there for the central limit theorem?
Does data transformed in a certain way from a normal distribution fit some other common distribution?
Advice on bin packing
Finding the average GPS point
Usage of HMM in quantitative finance. Examples of HMM that works to detect trend / turning points?
If variable kernel widths are often good for kernel regression, why are they generally not good for kernel density estimation?
How to read large dataset in R
Random effect slopes in linear mixed models
What is a meaning of "p-value F" from Friedman test?
Looking for impl of a Fuzzy Neural Network (FNN or SOFNN)
The best measure of reliability for interval data between 0 and 1
Can I use permutation tests for to avoid the multiple comparison problem in the context of proportions?
Probability of not drawing a word from a bag of letters in Scrabble
Is there a way to compute confidence intervals for regression estimates of simulated data?
How to do factorial analysis for a non-normal and heteroscedastic data?
Empirical Relationship Between Mean, Median and Mode
How can the IID assumption be checked in a given dataset?
Is there a term for generating time-line based data from individual points? Also how would I do this?
How do you draw structural equation/MPLUS models?
Probability that someone will like image
Updating a beta-binomial
Sampling with unequal bins?
Data transformation for Principal Components Analysis from different Likert scales
How to annoy a statistical referee
Analysis with three categorical variables
When does the sd stay the same, even after values in the sample were changed?
Inter-rater reliability between similarity matrices
How does one calculate Cohen's d and confidence intervals after logit in Stata?
Estimating k in d=kv
How to create a vector of functions?
What's the difference between 18S rRNA and 18S rDNA?
Automatic test measuring dissimilarity between two time series
Two years of data describing occurence of violence- testing association with number of patients on ward
How to create a barplot diagram where bars are side-by-side in R
Forecasting unemployment rate with plm
How can I format and export PCA output in Stata?
How to increase size of label fonts in barplot
Comparing test-retest reliabilities
Analyze and generate "clumpy" distributions?
How do I get people to take better care of data?
Undefined link function in gamma distribution
What are independent events?
Statistical test to compare two ratios from two independent models
Unbalanced mixed effect ANOVA for repeated measures
How to put values over bars in barplot in R
Computing unbiased estimators of $\sigma$ for m samples of size n
Reorder categorical data in ggplot2
package R.basic
Why vertical distances?
Can cross validation be used for causal inference?
Is there a parameter that is calculated as a range to mean ratio?
Factor Significance for Factor Model
Does corr function in Matlab consider correction for tied ranks?
Start time requirements or assumptions for survival analysis
When are confidence intervals useful?
Item Analysis for an R newbie
Visualizing Likert Item Response Data
Value based on a supplied standard-deviation
How to look at two different (but related) averages within a population
Assessing linearity in a mixed effects model
Are there default functions for discrete uniform distributions in R?
Intuitive explanation for dividing in (n-1) when calculating sd?
Pattern library for psychological/political/other questions?
Kendall Tau or Spearman's rho?
Explain model adjustment, in plain English
Help me understand Support Vector Machines
What options are there to combine different distance functions?
What classes (NYC area) would you recommend for statistical analysis?
Determining whether a website is active using daily visits
What is your favorite, easy to use statistical analysis website or software package?
Random Permutation of a Vector with a Fixed Expected Sample Correlation to the Original?
Large deviations proof question
Overlapping probability distributions
Sequential hypothesis testing in basic science
From Marginal Exp-Norm Distributions to What Conditionals and Joint?
How do you abbreviate "Millions"?
What distribution to use to model changes in ratios?
Adding Zoom & Pan for Protovis Dot Chart with GeoScale
AIC and SC value
How to calculate Rousseeuw’s and Croux’ (1993) Qn scale estimator for large samples?
Subsetting a data-frame in R based on dates
How to create an index
How to understand optimal Scaling in R: The Package homals for novices
Stratified Random Sampling of Ratio (X/Y) where X itself is an estimate
Inter-rater reliability using Intra-class correlation with ratings for multiple objects on multiple properties
Set a threshold for a sequence
Can you say that statistics and probability is like induction and deduction?
Translate R to C++ (eventually with Rcpp)
Measuring statistical significance of machine learning algorithms comparison
Chi-square test for equality of distributions: how many zeroes does it tolerate?
MLE for Naive Bayes in R
How can I get more digits for the p-value in STATA?
Finding coefficients for VECM + exogenous variables
Interpretation/use of kernel density
R: compute correlation by group
Averaging time series with different sampling interval
Measuring the "distance" between two multivariate distributions
Finding the nearest country based on latitude and longitude
How does the power of a logistic regression and a t-test compare?
How to know which probability distribution to expect?
Testing nonlinearity in logistic regression
Maximum Likelihood formula for Naive Bayes
How to plot a fan (Polar) Dendrogram in R?
Random generation of scores similar to those of a classification model
How should one define the sample variance for scalar input?
How does one calculate confidence intervals on predictions generated by logit in Stata?
How to perform t-test with huge samples?
Factored Joint Distribution of Tree Augmented Naive Bayes Algorithm
What is the precise definition of a "Heywood Case"?
How to take many samples of 10 from a large list, without replacement overall
Analyzing Time Series
Graphical data overview (summary) function in R
Interpreting PCA scores
VIF, Condition Index and eigen values
Intervention analysis with multi-dimensional time-series
Data mining algorithm suggestion
How to estimate how many people attended an event (say, a political rally)?
How does the power of a mixed effects logistic regression and a t-test compare?
Difference between GLS and SUR
Using weighted regression to obtain fit lines for which I only have summary data
Statistics Proof that $E[(X-Y)^2] = 0$
Regression Proof that the point of averages (x,y) lies on the estimated regression line
Data mining competition
Comparing model fits across a set of nonlinear regression models
What is the probability that random variable $x_1$ is maximum of random vector $X=(x_i)$ from a multivariate normal distribution?
How can I control the false positives rate?
Using the distance of p-value from alpha
Scale-invariant analysis of time series
Optimization of MLE for mixture problems
Saturation in ARIMA (et al) models?
Using the EM Algorithm for unimodal distributions?
How will studying "stochastic processes" help me as a statistician?
How to "prove" that new measurement tool & process gives same result as old?
Estimating the probability that a software change fixed a problem
Resampling, binomial, z- and t-test: help with real data
How can Gröbner bases used to describe discrete probability?
The formula for finding the mode of grouped data
Using lmer for prediction
Gibbs sampling-- where do the full conditionals come from?
Do third order asymptotics exist?
Confidence interval for ratio in timeseries
Using lead-lag relationships for time series prediction
What is the distribution of a chi-square minimizing function?
How to visualize 3D contingency matrix?
Choosing the scope when performing multiple comparisons?
Integral boundaries to zero in mathematica
What are the most relevant metrics for social games, and how are they calculated?
