Effect size of McNemar's Test
Probability distribution value exceeding 1 is OK?
Subjective Bayesian's care for real world validation and classical statistician's worry about CI related paradoxes for a given data set?
Do negative probabilities/probability amplitudes have applications outside quantum mechanics?
Training a model
Significance of $r^2$ value
Sources of within-cluster correlation other than "random shocks"
Validating questionnaires
What is the meaning of 'Marginal mean'?
How to do hypothesis testing on Gaussian mixture model?
How to calculate truncated mean?
Can I semi-automate MCMC convergence diagnostics to set the burn-in length?
Tips and tricks to get started with statistical modeling?
Should I use an average ECDF?
Graphing real-time data from a text file
Essential papers on matrix decompositions
When to use regularization methods for regression?
Using autocorrelation to find commonly occurring signal fragments
How can I integrate R with PHP?
Intuitive explanation of the bias-variance tradeoff?
Principal Component Analysis among matrices
Aggregation of propensity scores with varying reliability
How to test if change is significant across multiple categories?
How to test for parallelism for two linear models?
R code for time series forecasting using Kalman filter
Use of kernel density estimate in Naive Bayes Classifier?
Binary or Multinomial Logistic Regression?
At least, how many times an experiment should be replicated?
Is it possible to apply Bayes Theorem with only samples from the prior?
Help with a one-sample permutation z-test
What is the difference between effectiveness and efficacy in determining the benefit of therapy 'A' on condition 'B'?
Compute the power of a matrix in R
Do the null hypotheses used for benjamini-hochberg have to be identical?
Reversible Jump MCMC code (Matlab or R)
Uniform Distribution Test
State space form of time varying AR(1)
What is a good use of the 'comment' function in R?
What to do with confounding variables?
How do I group a list of numeric values into ranges?
metric based random forest
Good fuzzy textbook
How to conduct community division of a social network with R?
Fitting GAMM model in R
Distributions other than the normal where mean and variance are independent
Does rpart use multivariate splits by default?
Statistical argument for why 10,000 heads from 20,000 tosses suggests invalid data
What is the most surprising characterization of the Gaussian (normal) distribution?
Can a probability distribution have infinite standard deviation?
Auxiliary Model in the White Test
Lagrangian relaxation in the context of ridge regression
Logistic regression with non-negative parameter
Can one validly reduce the numbers of items in a published Likert-scale?
What is the maximum likelihood estimator of the mean of two normally-distributed variables?
What is the difference between statistics and biostatistics?
In SPSS, is there any way to define a use groups of data based on combinations of variables?
How do I capture regularity of a time series in a normalized way?
Make R report error on using non-existent column name in a data frame
Estimating the probability of a person getting a question right
Reordering a dendrogram in R
Latest article or new development in cross validation?
Blended Interest Rates
Intractable posterior distributions
What is the minimum mean squared error estimator of the mean of two normally-distributed variables?
Small sample linear regression: Where to start
Who to follow on github to learn about best practice in data analysis?
Resources to learn about block bootstrap in time series analysis
R and as.numeric()
How many data points do we need for mixed effects longitudinal data?
Model for population density estimation
Sum of squares two ways, how are they connected?
Social network datasets
How to calculate the expected number of distinct items when drawing pairs?
What tool do you use to communicate your survey questionnaires?
Set up Rpy on Windows Vista
Median of Medians calculation
Any ideas about how to analyze survival data with pseudo-replication (dependent data)?
How to increase longer term reproducibility of research (particularly using R and Sweave)
Using R's formula style lm() with SPSS
Calculating quantiles for chi squared distribution
Validating a linear model with R, lm()
What order are the rows in a dataframe in R displayed in?
Is this the correct way to calculate $MSE$ from $SS_{\text{treatment(s)}}$, $df_{\text{treatment(s)}}$, $F$?
Removing borders in R plots for achieving Tufte's axis
Inserting small arrows (triangles) in bottom axis pointing up with R
Adjusting axis properties in a timeseries graph
What's the relation between hierarchical models, neural networks, graphical models, bayesian networks?
Repositories and data analysis projects
Typographic conventions for width of figures in LaTeX data analysis reports
Factorization of a joint density over a directed graph
How to compute goodness of fit for a linear model in R
Statistical query model algorithms?
How to measure/weight the importance of tags?
Regression with multiple dependent variables?
Regression on a triangular shaped region of points representing a symmetric relation
Tweaking axis properties in a timeseries graph
What is the "Value" output of Survreg in R?
What is the difference between the "coef" and "(exp)coef" output of coxph in R?
When to use multivariate tests?
Calculation of incidence rate for epidemiological study in hospital
Are there any recommended approaches for analysing data from genetic algorithms?
In R, does "glmnet" fit an intercept?
How does one do a Type-III SS ANOVA in R with contrast codes?
What are common statistical sins?
How to compute the steady state gain from the transfer function of a discrete time system?
Comparison of two values in a statistically sound manner
When is Generalized Belief Propagation exact?
Determining whether a die is flawed
Calculation of incidence rate for epidemiological study in hospital (Part II) (Prevalence Rate this time)
Yates continuity correction for 2 x 2 contingency tables
Tutorials on object-oriented programming in R
Lagrange function
Who uses R with multicore, SNOW or CUDA package for resource intense computing?
Reinforcement Learning in recommender systems
Optimal parameter $\alpha$ for exponential smoothing using least squares
Nonlinear models which are hard to estimate
Determine "wiggliness" of set of data
Explaining variation in a dependent variable based on a factorial experiment
How to compare two multivariate effect sizes?
Java implementations of the lasso
Uncertainty of conditional probability evaluated from sample
Averaged continuous Kernel Density Estimates in lieu of a discrete Kernel Density Estimate in Monte Carlo Proceedure
Gradient of Hinge loss
How do I get non-parametric test values (not just p) in PASW 18?
Log normal distributions - particle sizes in an aerosol
Good econometrics textbooks?
Establishing that the population sampled of two separate surveys is the same
Determining market share from multiple choice questions on a survey
How to check that a sample suits multi-dimensional uniform distribution?
Updating the lasso fit with new observations
Interpreting the drop1 output in R
Interpreting the step output in R
Meta analysis on studies with 0-frequency cells
Toy regression question with latent variables
How to combine probabilities?
How to present data for spss variability intra-observer?
Gradient descent oscillating a lot. Have I chosen my step direction incorrectly?
Is there a relationship between the median of a function of random variables and the function of the median of random variables?
Comparison of the tails of two sample distributions
Relationship between Binomial and Beta distributions
Least-angle regression vs. lasso
R resources in non-English languages
non-linear time series
R: How to create a function from a model?
Soft and Hard EM (Expectation Maximization)
Sampling with non-uniform costs
Specifying conditional probabilities in hybrid Bayesian networks
Generative vs discriminant models
Internal reliability for an ordinal scale
How to do weighted pair hierarchical clustering in R?
How to test for parameter stationarity?
Bayesian model comparison for randomly sampled sets of models
What is the difference between fixed effect, random effect and mixed effect models?
Can two different data sets get the same eigenvector in PCA?
Comparing two cumulative density functions
Binomial confidence interval estimation - why is it not symmetric?
What is the difference between a "nested" and a "non-nested" model?
Non-linear model fitting in many dimensions
How to setup a laboratory experiment in Ecological Research under high natural variability
Basics of data analysis with exponential data/noise?
What is the difference between Exploratory Factor Analysis and Principal Components Analysis (PCA)?
What are the differences among Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA), Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI), and Singular Value Decomposition (SVD)?
How to add weight to data in descriptive statistics?
Uncertainty on zero counts for binned result
Inverse of matrix in R
How can one extract meaningful factors from a sparse matrix?
Confidence interval for Bernoulli sampling
What programming language for statistical inference?
F-test for Lack-of-Fit in SPSS
Randomized SVD and singular values
Amoeba Interview Question
Symbolic computation in R?
How to add periodic component to linear regression model?
Can constrained optimization techniques be applied to unconstrained problems?
Comparison of Slice sampling and Gibbs sampling
Proof that CRF models and logistic models are convex functions
Reusing samples for product estimators
How to predict and optimize a queue?
Modeling a gamma-mixture waiting model in BUGS
Methodology for data transform that best fits normal
Informative censoring caused by cesarean section
Determining variance of meta-analysis log-response ratio generated from fitted curve
How to use CDF and PDF statistics for analysis
Resources for learning statistics - exercises (with solutions), available online?
Why do I get equal AIC, BIC and log likelihood for different models in LME framework?
What are the sharpest known tail bounds for $\chi_k^2$ distributed variables?
Is there an unpaired version of the sign test?
Why does the McNemar's test use chi-square and not the normal distribution?
Automatically produce summary by factor variable in R
Better Classification of default in logistic regression
Logistic Regression: Transforming Variables
Logistic Regression: Classification Tables a la SPSS in R
Alternative to the Wilcoxon test when the distribution isn't continuous?
Should I use factor analysis on my data?
How to predict Ozone concentration in few years time?
Kappa for Predictive Model
Confidence interval based on time series
Efficient Empirical CDF Computation / Storage
Logistic Regression - Multicollinearity Concerns/Pitfalls
Rewriting AR model in State-Space form
Longitudinal Data analysis by multilevel modeling in R
Using k-fold cross-validation to test all data
degree to become a statistician
Comparing and visualizing rates of subsystems
Creating plots for String type columns in R
Slack values in Data Envelopment Analysis
Aggregation-Level in AB-Tests
Getting aggregated share in R
VC dimension of SVM with polynomial kernel in $\mathbb{R^{2}}$
Effect size for interaction effect in pre-post treatment-control design
Identifying Interaction Effects
Method to reliably determine abnormal statistical values
Chi-square analog for context-dependent distributions
Interpolating the empirical cumulative function
Calculating significance of difference between two binary values on one dataset
Developing a statistical test to ascertain better "fit"
How to get the required data?
Can I simply remove one of two predictor variables that are highly linearly correlated?
How do you test an implementation of k-means?
R getting share of users with multiple of an element
Coordinate descent for the lasso or elastic net
LARS vs coordinate descent for the lasso
Given a control chart that shows the mean and upper/lower control limits, how do I tell if the cause of out of control points is assignable or not?
Threshold for Fisher linear classifier
"Normalized" standard deviation
Calculating the error of Bayes classifier analytically
Posterior expression for Gibbs sampling
Expectation of $\left(\sum_{i=1}^n {x_i} \right)^2$
What is regularization in plain english?
Is interaction possible between two continuous variables?
How to diagonalize a large sparse symmetric matrix, to get the eigen values and eigenvectors?
Fitting a model to my data
Comparison between MaxEnt, ML, Bayes and other kind of statistical inference methods
Lasso fitting by coordinate descent: open-source implementations?
Output of linear SVM model in Matlab using SVM-light
Understanding a Quantile-Quantile Plot
Asymmetry between high order and low order interaction terms
Multi-stage selection model with panel data in R
Estimating parameters of a dynamic linear model
Understanding variational Bayes EM
Can AIC compare across different types of model?
What is the uncertainty when dividing 25 samples into 4 groups?
Stochastic coordinate descent for $\ell_1$ regularization
What is the Unscented Kalman Filter?
Unexpected under-dispersion in Perl simulations of Poisson RV
How can I change the title of a legend in ggplot2?
Bias for kernel density estimator (periodic case)
Quantile-Quantile Plot with Unknown Distribution?
What are the advantages / disadvantages of using splines, smoothed splines, and gaussian process emulators?
Central Limit Theorem Tails
Modelling dependence between random variables
How to test if the slopes in the linear model are equal to a fixed value?
What is the difference between data mining, statistics, machine learning and AI?
Can covariates in a Cox Proportional Hazard model be combined in any meaningful way?
What are the ANOVA's benefits over a normal linear model?
Theoretical results for cross-validation estimation of classification accuracy?
Calculate ROC curve for data
Hinge Loss with one-vs-all classifier
In a linear regression whose components can also be broken down, is it better to do multi-layered regression, or flatten to final components?
Wavelet auto correlation
Can we estimate the size of a subset X of a set A, by randomly sampling subsets of A?
Is there a mathematical model that distinguishes between volatility and trend?
Computing the decision boundary of a linear SVM model
Is there any relation between Power Law and Negative Binomial distribution?
Geometric circle fitting with known radius
How can I find the best linear combination of a set of matrices to approximate a target matrix?
Maximizing probability of winning on loaded coin
Stacked bar plot
Hit and run MCMC
Confidence-intervals for conditions tested with a mixed-effects model
Compare rank orders of population members across different variables
Java library for Bayesian Networks
Generalization of the Signal-Noise ratio for non-Gaussian processes
Use coefficients of thin plate regression splines in a clustering method
Gaussian state space forecasting with regression effects
Representative sampling
Statistical validation of RandomForest models
How to assess overfitting?
Random walk data post processing
(Mahalanobis) distance to a multivariate distribution of which I have few sample points
Minimization of a function by Metropolis-Hastings algorithms
Nonparametric sign test for correlated variables
Seeking a distribution, perhaps uncommon, consistent with two data points and expert constraints?
Most famous statisticians
Square root of inverse gamma distribution?
Boxplots as tables
Interpretation of R's lm() output
When do you consider a variable is a latent variable?
Boxplot labels in R
Appropriate test for multivariate experiment result with unknown distributions
Finding the mode of a function by MCMC sampling
Determining trend significance in a time series
Choosing the right threshold for a biometric trait authentication system
Missing values in survival analysis
Explanation of finite correction factor
Correction due to rounding error
Nonparametric Bayesian analysis in R
Can lagged dependent variables be good IVs?
Sampling covariance matrix using Gibbs sampling
Starting out with forecast package in R
Testing paired frequencies for independence
Is taking the median of a set of percentages statistically sound?
Resources for learning about spurious time series regression
Estimating distribution parameters from few data points
Removing factors from a 3-way ANOVA table
Using R2WinBUGS, how to extract information from each chain?
Getting started with time series in R
Order of the kernel for periodic case
How to draw funnel plot using ggplot2 in R?
Why use Platt's scaling?
What type of statistical analysis solves this problem?
Likelihood function of DSGE model using Kalman filter
Yates' continuity correction in confidence interval returned by prop.test
Sampling from bivariate distribution with known density using MCMC
How to test reliability of dependent variable when z-score transformation is in effect
Discerning between two different linear regression models in one sample
How do you calculate simple statistics for left censored data in R?
How to do meta-regression analysis with SPSS?
Image compression by ML techniques
Expectation of $\left(X-M\right)^T\left(X-M\right)\left(X-M\right)^T\left(X-M\right)$
Is sample kurtosis hopelessly biased?
Visualizing the distribution of something within a very large body of data
What is the expected correlation between residual and the criterion variable?
Strategy for editing comma separated value (CSV) files
How to calculate the probability for pattern that violates "control chart rules" to occur?
Simple, reliable, open, and interoperable plain text format for storing data
Multiple comparisons on a mixed effects model
How do I get the number of rows of a data.frame in R?
Calculating $Var\left\{(\hat{m}-m)^2\right\}$ for a univariate normal distribution
