Analysis with binomial outcome and categorical predictor
K-NN or matrix factorization for discovering correlated features?
Interpreting size and direction of fixed effects in a linear mixed effect model
How to change X-axis format in plot
Two-sample test for multivariate normal distributions under the assumption that means are the same
How to visualize what ANOVA does?
Questions about antithetic variate method
Calculate median without access to raw data
Moving return of exponential moving average -- choice of alpha
Good GUI for R suitable for a beginner wanting to learn  programming in R?
Find out pseudo R square value for a Logistic Regression analysis
Data Augmentation Examples
Fixing 3 variables to find the influence of a 4th?
Why is there a difference between manually calculating a logistic regression 95% confidence interval, and using the confint() function in R?
How to re-sample an XTS time series in R?
How do I setup up repeated measures data for analysis with nlme()?
Read decimal values in SAS
How would you deal with a bimodally distributed predictor variable in bivariate logistic regression?
Eigenvalue decomposition in matlab
What are the assumptions for applying a Tobit regression model?
Are there any conditions on the data in Fuzzy c-mean clustering?
Which test to find out best concentration (the one having maximum effect)?
Interpreting correlation from two linear mixed-effect models
How to use the LOGNORMALDIST function to generate a Cumulative Distribution Function?
Combining Probability Density Functions
How to choose nlme or lme4 R library for mixed effects models?
Brown-Forsythe and Welch f-ratios in two-way ANOVAs?
How can I efficiently model the sum of Bernoulli random variables?
Calculate Newey-West standard errors without an lm object in R
Is there a way to place a priori constraints on item difficulty under item response theory?
Logistic regression model does not converge
What does the Psi term in factor analysis signify?
Stepwise logistic regression and sampling
Backpropagation algorithm
How to compute the confidence intervals on regression coefficients in PLS?
Clustering (k-means, or otherwise) with a minimum cluster size constraint
Why would it not make sense to apply factor analysis after PCA?
What distribution should be used for the detection of out of shelf situations in a retail stores?
Normalizing rating in a group of people [finding effectiveness]
Logit with ordinal independent variables
Variance of two weighted random variables
Summary and frequency tables in JMP
Expectation of product of Gaussian random variables
References for use of symplectic geometry in statistics?
Pitfalls of linear mixed models
When to use Root Mean Square normalization?
First R packages source code to study in preparation for writing own package
How would you filter this?
Statistical significance with sample size of 5 or less
No valid coefficients for NegBin regression
Estimate the "meaningful" predictors for a value in a CART model (rpart)
How do I transform the parameters of the F distribution?
Confirmatory and explanatory factor analysis
What if interaction wipes out my direct effects in regression?
R Package GBM - Bernoulli Deviance
Why does continuous Bayesian analysis seem to give this contradictory result?
What is it that a statistician does?
Removing macro-level time variance
Is there a site to post my survey to so I can get a sample representative of the population?
Statistics interview questions
DLM results looking wonky
What else can be deduced from the following class grade summary information?
Sample size calculation for study aiming to demonstrate non-inferiority of a drug
How to compute theoretical compression limit?
Factor scores from discrete, ordinal responses
Is there a quote like this from some statistician?
Normal distribution probability
Computational considerations of multinomial probit versus binomial probit
Queries on conditional logistic regression
How can one do an MCMC hypothesis test on a mixed effect regression model with random slopes?
Expected number of uniques in a non-uniformly distributed population
Get the number of parameters of a linear model
Survey Sampling: What am I missing with this plan?
Transforming arbitrary distributions to distributions on $[0,1]$
What methods can be used to specify priors from data?
For which distributions are the parameterizations in BUGS and R different?
How to prevent false positive findings with repeated correlations?
Automating model selection criteria production
Probability and limits
How to divide ordinal set into bins?
How to estimate the likelihood function for random generator of three events?
identifying pairs(by a cointegration measure) in a pair trading type problem
Is there a limit function in R?
Testing if a coin is fair
Comparing regression models
Taking advantage of many pre-treatment measurements
How to build an "equilibrated histogram"?
Approximating temperature data beyond Fourier series
Average effect across multiple linear models?
Why do people use p-value?
Statistics collaboration
How to view GBM package trees?
Methods of grouping sets of data
Modeling a birth-death process that is not memoryless
Removing outliers from asymmetric data
Two-sample permutation Kolmogorov-Smirnov tests
What is the NULL hypothesis for interaction in a two-way ANOVA?
Effect size of Spearman's rank test
p-vector and K-vector
Implementing error propagation
In Excel, how do I plot two rows against each other?
Is there a better way of obtaining the same output as table(vec) where vec is a vector?
How to obtain AIC with conditional logistic regression using R?
Incremental learning for LOESS time series model
Sample size for proportions in repeated measures
R package for combining factor levels for datamining?
Does there exist a name for comparing individual grades to a set of grades?
Confidence interval of slope in linear regression
Can I trust ANOVA results for a non-normally distributed DV?
Comparing a vector of averages to a null one
SAS/IML compared to R
What is the difference between NaN and NA?
How to compare median survival between groups?
Is it o.k. to bootstrap sample of a table from its proportions - and how to do so (in R)?
Interrater reliability for events in a time series with uncertainty about event time
Can the mutual information of a "cell" be negative?
Finding the change point in data from a piecewise linear function
Are there bounds on the Spearman correlation of a sum of two variables?
A question on maximum likelihood estimation as a Hierarchical Mixture Model
Extrapolating the amount of data missing from the amount of data partially missing
Partialling or regressing out a categorical variable?
Multiplicative unobservable component in state space model
James-Stein estimator: How to calculate $\sigma^2$ in shrinkage factor?
Reducing false positive rate
Why "supremum", not "maximum" in Kolmogorov-Smirnov test?
Generate random multivariate values from empirical data
Is there any library like LOESS or ARIMA in Java/C# or Python?
How can I calculate the probability of model $g_i$ given a set of $n$ models and AIC values?
Optimal stopping from an unknown distribution
If A and B are correlated with C, why are A and B not necessarily correlated?
When is it better to average observations at the same abscissa?
Look and you shall find (a correlation)
When is a deviation statistically significant?
What logistic regression is best to use?
Measure of closeness
Can I test the effect of Block in a split plot design in R?
Multiple comparisons on nested subsets of data
Can principal component analysis be applied to categorical data?
Odds of winning 2 trials in a row
Variance of a function of one random variable
Which kernel method gives the best probability outputs?
How to tell if the slope of a line is 0 or there is just no relationship?
Alternatives to using Coefficient of Variation to summarize a set of parameter distributions?
R-square from rpart model
Is there a bias correction for effect size in a data mining context?
Is it possible to predict the likelihood of an order of random events?
Leave-one-out cross validation and boosted regression trees
Checking factor / covariate independence in ANCOVA
Demo for bioinformatics
Help in setting up and solving a transportation / traffic problem
What is my model statement for mixed models (nlme) in R?
Kernel density estimate takes values larger than 1
Knot selection for cubic regression splines
How do I calculate and compare incidence of infection between age-groups
Statistics, war stories, data intuition
First passage time distribution in a irreducible transient discrete-time Markov chain (DTMC)
Annotating graphs in R
Cluster data points by distance between clusters
What is the connection between Kernel Logistic Regression and Smoothing Splines?
Good text for resampling?
Statistical significance (chi squared) for percentages over 100%?
Order statistics: probability random variable is k-th out of n when ordered
Forcing a set of numbers to a gaussian bell-curve
What are some alternatives to a boxplot?
Survival analysis: continuous vs discrete time
Basics of extreme values / high-water marks?
The range of non-identically distributed binomial variables
Experiment design for proportion
How to best estimate the time remaining for a variable-length questionnaire?
What is the probability of picking p primes from n random numbers?
MCMC method -- good sources
Should I re-shuffle my data?
How much information can you mine out of a name?
Number of tried for a favorable result
A basic voting system question
Confidence intervals for regression parameters: Bayesian vs. classical
How much information can you mine out of a name?
What are the practical & interpretation differences between alternatives and logistic regression?
Interpreting two-sided, two-sample, Welch T-Test
Cross Validation (error generalization) after model selection
Estimating the dimension of a data set
MANOVA and correlations between dependent variables: how strong is too strong?
A measure of the "flatness" of log likelihood at the MLE
Odds of rolling doubles or triples given N 6-sided dice
ANOVA on binomial data
Tiny (real) datasets for giving examples in class?
Understanding SVM regression: objective function and "flatness"
Plotting a piecewise regression line
Understanding regressions - the role of the model
How to Identify a Bimodal Distribution
Should an SVM grid search show a high-accuracy region with low accuracies around?
Can you use heteroskedastic time series variables within a regression model?
How should I analyze repeated-measures individual differences experiments?
What is a good measure (or set of measures) for the difference between two sample sets?
Estimation of probability of a success in binomial distribution
Regression with an unknown dependent variable - estimating "likelihood" to do something
Burn-in period for random walk
Worst classifier
Analyzing the difference between two datasets where one is a subset of the other
What kinds of things can I predict with a naive Bayesian classifier?
An R function for performing searches
How to calculate likelihood for a bayesian model?
Finding outliers in a data set
Simulating 1,000 Consumers Likely Segment Allocation: Best Function?
Doing correlation on one variable vs many
R: update a graph dynamically
Estimating a distribution based on three percentiles
Effectively fitting this kind of model: $y = c_1 (x_3 - x_4) + c_2 (x_1 - x_9)$
How do I interpret Exp(B) in Cox Regression?
Detect changes in time series
Random Sampling and PCA
Converting an SPSS file to a SAS file?
Calculate percentage difference for two sets of points
How to solve a case of unbalanced repeated measures?
Does this quantity related to independence have a name?
How should I handle categorical variables with multiple levels when doing backward elimination?
Problems with libRblas.so on ubuntu with rpy2
Need good material on multifractal analysis
Evaluating effect sizes of interactions in multiple regression
Discrepancy between stepwise and nominal logistic regression results in JMP
Does an unbalanced sample matter when doing logistic regression?
Classical measurement error model in R 
Akinator.com and Naive Bayes classifier
How to handle age at measure-start in Cox regression?
Interpretation of log likelihood and covariate significance in Cox regression
Expected values for chi-squared test on binned paired counts
R-squared result in linear regression and "unexplained variance"
Zero-truncated Sichel distribution in R
Testing the normality assumption for repeated measures anova? (in R)
Good way to rank/sort data that falls in the lower range
Use install.packages() to build and install all available architectures by default?
Good book on statistics
Correct way to calibrate means
Predicting a semi-deterministic process
Queueing Theory: How to estimate steady-state queue length for single queue, N servers?
Why are my constraints getting dropped?
Proving that the squares of normal rv's is Chi-square distributed
Confidence interval for success probability in negative binomial experiment
Is there a SoftMax distribution with confidence parameters?
The probability for two people to provide identical answers on survey questions
Recommending a good statistic textbook
Is principal components analysis valid if the distribution(s) are Zipf like? What would be similar to PCA but suited to non gaussian data?
Simple and multiple logistic regression
Is it possible to weight survey observations to more than one distribution?
Which permutation test implementation in R to use instead of t-tests (paired and non-paired)?
Which method to use for anomaly detection?
Is a correlation analysis with Pearson's correlation and Bonferroni Method a valid approach to find correlations between two sets of data
Why do I get different heteroscedasticity robust standard errors in R when using the plm package?
How to calculate the rowMeans with some single rows in data?
What is the conjugate of the noncentral hypergeometric distribution?
How to calculate probability for a multivariate/continuous event
Is visualization sufficient rationale for transforming data?
Analysing questionnaire data
Time Series Cross Section Forecasting with R
Proc Calis (or TCalis) and p-values
Graph theory -- analysis and visualization
Low-pass Filter
What is the prediction error while using deming regression (weighted total least squares)
Output of GARCH model (eviews output) using lag of log values
How to model pairwise preference with both strong and weak preferences?
Group vs Stacked Bar Plots
Suitable Distribution/Methodology for Estimating Data Points
For a univariate, binary dataset, how do I calculate my confidence in the average?
Readable introduction to measure theory
Statement of result for binomial confidence intervals
Can the multiple linear correlation coefficient be negative?
Predicting number of events with 99.9% probability based on tests of four devices
Filtering a dataframe
What is the interpretation of interquartile range?
How to model prices?
How to increase the space between the bars in a bar plot in ggplot2?
How to plot decision boundary in R for logistic regression model?
Should I include an argument to request type-III sums of squares in ezANOVA?
Fitting models in R where coefficients are subject to restriction(s)
Wavelet analysis, scaling filter: where does the square root of 2 go to?
Interactions in Log Transformed DV
What does RMS stand for?
GLMM output interpretation (correct text)
Is it possible to prove a null hypothesis?
Representing missing data in an OpenOffice spreadsheet
Which Test do I use? ANCOVA, repeated measures, multi-way ANOVA?
Visualizing the intersections of many sets
Subsetting R time series vectors
Computing the difference between means and resolving a new/composite sample size
How can I treat blocks in a split plot design?
Postscript in R: How to remove a large left margin (on y axis)
Clustering quality measure
Increasing Exam Expected Mark
Balanced sampling for network training?
Where to study machine learning in Europe?
Consequence of violating independence assumption of ANOVA
How to present the gain in explained variance thanks to the correlation of Y and X?
Good Introductions to Time Series (with R)
Steps of data analysis using logistic regression
How to use Confidence Intervals to find the true mean within a percentage
Threshold models and flu epidemic recognition
Interaction between ordinal and categorical factor
What is behind Google Prediction API?
Use Empirical CDF vs Distribution CDF?
What is the sum of squared t variates?
Are there statistical lessons from the "Bible Code" episode
Article about misuse of statistical method in NYTimes
Statistical test for Positive and Negative Predictive Value
Is it valid to analyze signal detection data without employing metrics derived from signal detection theory?
When is "Nearest Neighbor" meaningful, today?
When is the shrinkage applied in Friedman's stochastic gradient boosting machine?
Do likelihood ratios and Bayesian model comparison provide superior & sufficient alternatives to null-hypothesis testing?
Estimating probability distribution function of a data stream
Assessing significance of correlation
