Interpreting interactions between two treatments
Combining auto.arima() and ets() from the forecast package
When to log transform a time series before fitting an ARIMA model
Subsets not significantly different but superset is
Splitting one variable according to bins from another variable
PCA Based Filtering but only filter out small values
ANOVA assumption normality/normal distribution of residuals
Can I use multiple regression when I have mixed categorical and continuous predictors?
R package for symbolic data analysis
Help understand kNN for multi-dimensional data
Weight a rating system to favor items rated highly by more people over items rated highly by fewer people?
Making square-root of covariance matrix positive-definite (Matlab)
Non-informative priors for the AR(1) model
Test for interaction contrasts using Prism or R
Can we get confidence intervals for entries in stationary vector for an absorbing, time-independent Markov chain?
Resources for learning to use (/create) dynamic (/interactive) statistical visualization
Arranging hourly data for several years
How to prove that Elo rating or Page ranking have a meaning for my set?
How to optimize my R script in order to use "multicore"
Statistics and econometrics distance learning
Sample selection and variation in the variable of interest when using panel data
Where to start in estimating the days until payment of an invoice?
Non-parametric regression
ROC plot for continuous data in R
Measuring Regression to the Mean in Hitting Home Runs
Reliability of mean of standard deviations
Free tools on Linux for multivariate logistic regression?
Rating system taking account of number of votes
What are the breakthroughs in Statistics of the past 15 years?
Approximate a poisson binomial distribution with a binomial distribution?
Passing arguments to iterated function through apply
Quantile extrapolation?
Regression with repeated data
Question on AIC and stepAIC
Can statistical prediction be asymmetric?
Continuity correction for Pearson and McNemar's chi-square test
How to fix the threshold for statistical validity of p-values produced by ANOVAs?
Is it possible to do meta analysis of only two studies
How many lags to use in the Ljung-Box test of a time series?
In which case does FCM membership converge to 1/K?
What software is used for maps of the US (or other arbitrary areas)?
Requirements to perform a two-way factorial ANCOVA
Simple linear model with autocorrelated errors in R
R examples for Durbin & Koopman "Time Series Analysis by State Space Methods"
How to interpret a three-way ANOVA?
Interpretation of the p-values produced by Levene's or Bartlett's test for homogeneity of variances
How to measure/rank "variable importance" when using CART? (specifically using {rpart} from R)
How can I make a continuous distribution out of simulation results in R?
Consequence of ignoring the order of a categorical variable with different levels in logistic regression
Merging spatial and temporal clusters
Problem with casewise list in logistic regression
Lagged Exogenous Variables in VECM with R
What's a good prior distribution for degrees of freedom in a t distribution?
Mildly informative prior distributions for scale parameters
Seeking certain type of ARIMA explanation
How do extreme values scale with sample size?
LASSO assumptions
Likelihood ratio test in R
Predicting daily electricity load - fitting time series
Problem of two highly correlated continuous variables in a mixed effects model
Ideas for Segmenting Audio Data
Statistical landscape
What does averaging do for the noise level of my signal
Modeling vacancy rate
Maximum likelihood and sufficient statistics
How can I plot this simple graph (Refer Image) in R?
How do I calculate a weighted standard deviation? In Excel?
Does a within-subjects factor with unequally represented levels mess up a repeated-measures ANOVA?
Mathematician wants the equivalent knowledge to a quality stats degree
How do calculate Present Value in Google Spreadsheet?
Predicting from a simple linear model with lags in R
Likelihood at MLE and transformations, the multivariate normal case
Reading random text file in R
Getting started on BUGS, need help implementing a simple model
How can one plot continuous by continuous interactions in ggplot2?
Test for independence, when I'm missing one bin of a 2x2 contingency
Collapsing categorical data easily for regression in R
80% of missing data in a single variable
Should a multiple choice poll contain a neutral response?
What types of analysis are appropriate for demographic time series data?
How to do primary component analysis on multi-mode data with non-orthogonal primary components?
Investigate ratios between two groups
Statistical test for multiple biological replicates
Derivative of a linear model
What is Deviance? (specifically in CART/rpart)
Conducting planned comparisons in mixed model using lmer
How can I estimate the density of a zero-inflated parameter in R?
Multiple hypothesis ANOVA
Calibrating a multi-class boosted classifier
What is the hardest statistical concept to grasp?
Correcting for multiple comparisons when running a bivariate correlation in SPSS
How to do a repeated measures multinomial logistic regression using SPSS?
Error in cor(y): allocMatrix: too many elements specified
Goodness of fit for multi-level-data fits
Probability of getting between
Detecting abnormal points in point cloud
What temporal resolution for time series significance test?
Probability calculation, system uptime, likelihood of occurence
Constrained versus unconstrained formulation of SVM optimisation
Composite dependent variable
How should I compare average store sales change across time?
Limiting distribution of a squared sum of random variables
What is the closed form solution for the inverse CDF for Epanechnikov
Sampling and confidence calculations
Poisson process, time and probabilities
What, precisely, is a confidence interval?
Logistic Regression and Dataset Structure
How do I know which method of parameter estimation to choose?
Median entropy to observe evolution of system?
How can we compare multiple proportions from multiple independent populations to evaluate implementation of a treatment?
Prerequisite for conversion from odds ratio to relative risk to be valid
Statistical test for trend (continuous variable) in Stata or R
How can I convert kernel quantiles into sample quantiles?
Which is the formula from Silverman to calculate the bandwidth in a kernel density estimation?
Need to convert duplicate column elements to a unique element in R
How can one use the predict function on a lm object where the IVs have been dynamically scaled?
How can I pull pull elements out of an array containing multiple regression results?
Sane stepwise regression?
What is the difference between Rf_dpois in Rmath.h and the dpois that I use directly in R?
How do you compute the annual standard error of a regression model when the model itself is based on monthly observations?
Predict after running the mlogit function in R
Choice of weight function in Moran's I
How do I generate a QQ-Plot for data fitted using fitdistr?
A "systematic" part of a random time series component?
Can someone help me understand what type of problem I am looking at? Not sure if this classifies as hypothesis-testing
Estimation of exponential model
Regression selection using all possible subsets selection and automatic selection techniques
Pick a random item with the help of an array of cumulative probabilities
Understanding the parameters inside the Negative Binomial Distribution
Using Singular Value Decomposition to Compute Variance Covariance Matrix from linear regression model
Picking random elements from a list – still random if they are reinserted at the end?
Difference between ridge regression implementation in R and SAS
Properties of Battacharyya distance vs Kullback-Leibler divergence
Alternative ways for interpretation of odds
Get distribution curve characteristics by selecting peak point?
Predicting long-memory processes
Correlation of two 1d point processes with non-uniform unconditional distribution
When to use Equal-Frequency-Histograms
What should I do to compare different sets of data?
Reading in SVM files in R (libsvm)
1-step-ahead predictions with dynlm R package
Removing duplicated rows from R data frame
Probability of at least one unique outcome
Statistically group chemical batches
Expected number of runs of length n in coin toss
How to compute Confidence Interval associated to a Binomial proportion's increase?
Geostatistical analysis using spatial.exp in WinBugs
Understanding expectation maximization for simple 2 linear mixture case
How should I deal with features with time related values in Bayesian network?
Plotting binomial proportions on a box & whiskers plot using R
How to calculate Zipf's law coefficient from a set of top frequencies?
Failure detection method
Assessing conditional independence of genes in Trans-eQTL cluster
How to compare Likert scales with varying number of categories across time?
Setting up Sweave, R, Latex, Eclipse StatET
Least angle regression keeps the correlations monotonically decreasing and tied?
Objective measure of relaxation time towards equilibrium for a time series
Concept of a random linear model
Splitting a numeric column for a dataframe
Making sense out of statistics theory and applications
Building MATLAB and R interfaces to Ross Quinlan's C5.0
Kullback-Leibler divergence - interpretation
Optimizing the ending rule of gradient method
Statistical analysis of mutant proteins sequences
Calculating and interpreting effect sizes for interaction terms
Efficient way to populate matrix in R?
How should I design a database for multi-year data analysis with JMP?
What are the major machine learning theories that maybe used by Twitter for suggesting followers?
Trend detection quantitative models
Exploratory analysis of spatio-temporal forecast errors
Estimate the Kullback-Leibler divergence
Simulate Arellano-Bond
3d Kolmogorov-Smirnov test
Strategy for analysing stock history data from multiple files with SPSS
Correlation of log-normal random variables
cforest and randomForest classification prediction error
Aggregating results from linear model runs R
Fill colors in Gnuplot
Split-Plot ANOVA: model comparison tests in R
Fitting normal distribution to given quantiles
Censoring/Truncation in JAGS
Exponential weighted moving skewness/kurtosis
What university level statistics courses are considered advanced/hard?
What are the most dangerous concepts in the practice of data analysis?
Displaying regression results in MATLAB
How to find the best input value for this simple problem?
Plotting a heatmap given a dendrogram and a distance matrix in R
What is a good statistical test for independent replicates?
Best distance measure to use
If correlation between two variables is affected by a factor, how should I evaluate this correlation?
Kavosh uses a different switching process in its MCMC; how concerned should I be?
How do I do a Monte Carlo simulation?
An adaptation of the Kullback-Leibler distance?
How could a Tukey HSD test be more signif then the uncorrected P value of t.test?
Is median fairer than mean?
Is "every blue t-shirted person" a systematic sample?
Efficient online linear regression
How can I speed up calculation of the fixed effects in a GLMM?
How to detect patterns between fields of a distribution in SPSS?
Calculating p-value from an arbitrary distribution
zscore function in R
Minimum tickets required for specified probability of winning lottery
How do you solve a Poisson process problem
Any good reference books/material to help me build a txn level fraud detection model?
How to do a logistic regression with the results of different factor analysis methods
The code variable in the nlm() function
Getting rid of file download warning in SAS
How to interpret ADF-test optimal lag model reduction?
Simulation of ARIMA (1,1,0) series
What is the expected value of modified Dirichlet distribution? (integration problem)
How to pull data formatted for Matlab into R?
Why continue to teach and use hypothesis testing?
Aggregating results from Arima runs R
Function timings in the Matrix package
Normal distribution and weight of babies problem
What is the right statistical test to use when attesting claims like "60% people switched over from group A to group B"?
Creating groups with multi-dimensional data?
Documented/reproducible examples of successful real-world applications of econometric methods?
Online, scalable statistical methods
Logarithmic regression with individual errors
How do I fit a multilevel model for over-dispersed poisson outcomes? 
Repeated measures using R
Means and imputation of log-normal variables
Calculating required sample size, precision of variance estimate?
Statistical Analysis for Perception Survey
Seeing if estimators are unbiased
Normal distribution necessary to assess moderating and mediating effects?
Log-scale with concentrated data using integers
Bayesian inference for multinomial distribution with asymmetric prior knowledge?
Parameter estimation for normal distribution in Java
Separate Comma Delimited Cells To New Rows
Does the distribution $\log(1 + x^{-2}) / 2\pi$ have a name?
Effect of missing data and outliers on least square estimation
Number of trials required from a binomial distribution to get the desired odds
Egger’s linear regression method intercept in meta analysis
How to obtain in R a good formula for glm (general linear models) to predict a binomial variable?
Matlab image blending
When is interactive data visualization useful to use?
Using poisson regression for continuous data?
Question about combining hazard ratios - Maybe Simpson's paradox?
Meta-analysis of 3 regions' data for 5 years
Error creating parser in readHTMLTable
GLMNET or LARS for computing LASSO solutions?
How to quantify redundancy of features?
How can I effectively summarize and visualize time series of employee activities?
Binomial Probability Question
Is it possible to correct for violating the assumption of independence for nonparametric tests?
What is white noise process?
Formal statistical test for whether a process is a white noise
Analysis of covariance in R
difference belween p,P and italic p in statistics
Justifying normal approximation of experimental data
Academic data analysis format for questionaires
Probability formula for a multivariate-bernoulli distribution
Generating survival times in days or in years
Spline function with unknown knots
Validating an existing questionnaire into another language
Bayesian additive regression trees (BART) for classification analysis of gene expression data
Non-linear regression fails to converge, but fit appears good
Compression theory, practice, for time series with values in a space of distributions (say of a real random variable)
Difference between longitudinal design and time series
PCA for images/arrays with high dimensionality?
When and how to use standardized explanatory variables in linear regression
Semantic distance between excerpts of text
Dissimilarity rating experiment: how to analyze the results
Should percentages have decimal places?
Is there an anova procedure that doesn't assume equal variance?
Accomodating entrenched views of p-values
Can causality be inferred in a study with an experience followed by two sets of measures
Location test under a bounded non-stationarity?
Analysing wind data with R
Dealing with cell values of zero
Book on designing clinical trials in oncology
Rigorous definition of an outlier?
Difference between two slopes
Computing platform for R: System76 Linux laptop with dual core i5 or quad core i7?
Change of variable with non bijective function
A resource on concepts underlying statistics, not the techniques used in applied stats
General approaches to model car traffic in a parking garage
When/why should "rabbit ears hunting" density estimation "work"?
How to decide between a logistic regression or conditional logistic regression?
Understanding comparisons of clustering results
Propagation of large errors
Resources for beginners - how to determine probability of user action based on certain criteria?
Multiple regression with small data sets
Increasing row height in R heatmap() function
What is the difference between using aov() and lme() in analyzing a longitudinal dataset?
Statistical test for difference in categorization method
Appropriate test to compare online voting data
Calculating confidence interval for average hospital length of stay, case-mix adjusted, in R
Evaluate definite interval of normal distribution
Regression with Pooled data in SPSS
ROC vs precision-and-recall curves
Can one use Cohen's Kappa for two judgements only?
How much undersampling should be done?
What are the text-mining packages for R and are there other open source text-mining programs?
Distribution of sample correlation
GLM after model selection or regularization
Detecting a given face in a database of facial images
Estimating R-squared and statistical significance from penalized regression model
Interpret residuals in random and fixed effects models
Multistage sampling in R
MATLAB interpretation of Xcorr2 - Cross Correlation function
JAGS: posterior predictive distribution
Proportion of explained variance in a mixed-effects model
Poisson distribution and statistical significance
Normalized sigmoid loss function for boosting?
Altering Gnuplot histogram
Interactive decision trees
Using the stats package in R for kmeans clustering
How to make a combination (aggregation) of quantile forecast?
Which one should be applied first: data sampling or dimensionality reduction?
Learning weights in a Boltzmann machine
Information content of examples and undersampling
Combine multiple boxplots in a lattice
General Linear Model vs. Generalized Linear Model (with an identity link function?)
Difference between the terms 'joint distribution' and 'multivariate distribution'?
How to aggregate by minute data for a week into hourly means?
How to calculate centrality measures in a 4 million edge network using R?
Hellwig's method of selection of variables
Finding the Moment Generating Function of Chi-Squared Dist
Paired t-test and pairwise t-test
From an email address to a quasi-random number
Can I change the proposal distribution in random-walk MH MCMC without affecting Markovianity?
How do you choose a unit of analysis (level of aggregation) in a time series?
Determinant perturbation approximation
What should be the optimal parameters for Random Forest classifier?
Noise in the Fourier transform
Software for ML/NLP/DM laboratory
Mean and Median properties
Can the empirical Hessian of an M-estimator be indefinite?
Closest distance in hypernym tree as measure of semantic distance between phrases
How can I represent Conditional Probability Table based Bayesian Networks in Winbugs?
Setting knots in natural cubic splines in R
Which non-parametric test can I use to identify significant interactions of independent variables?
Two sample t-test for data (maybe time series) with autocorrelation?
Determining whether a group of spatially extensive data is centered around one point in space
What does plotting residuals from one regression against the residuals from another regression give us?
Checking the distribution of classes in a sample of a dataset
Rotation matrices and prior invariance for arbitrary dimensions
RNG, R, mclapply and cluster of computers
How to correct uneven sampling distribution when calculating the mean?
How to graphically compare predicted and actual values from multivariate regression in R?
More efficient plot functions in R when millions of points are present?
Bayesian statistics tutorial
Manually calculated R² doesn't match up with randomForest() R² for testing new data
C++ libraries for statistical computing
Orwin's fail safe N test
Factor models with small noises
Is z-score meaningful in classification or regression?
How to store checks of gradient algorithm in a matrix using R?
Does correlation assume stationarity of data?
