Can you use r^2 and regression to estimate cause and effect?
Are Confounding variables unknown in nature?
Combining probabilities of nuclear accidents
Excel xy chart with unequal x values in series
Does this de-noising algorithm have a name?
What's a good, generic name for chart of things by time of day?
Standardized Student's-t distribution
Confidence Intervals for Holdout R^2?
Can you express a probability density as a percentage?
What is the difference between Z-scores and p-values?
Expression for conditional density for ARCH processes
Analysis plan using logistic regression
A good Gibbs sampling tutorials and references
How to compare slopes between variables with different scales?
How do you calculate confidence intervals for Cohen's d?
What kind of statistical analysis should I do to aggregate these values?
Variance explained of a mixed effects model in a new data set
Combining 2 sets of coefficients, weighting one of the sets
Help in drawing confidence ellipse
Poisson regression vs. log-count least-squares regression?
How to calculate pseudo-$R^2$ from R's logistic regression?
Updating a set of estimated forecasts
Test equivalence of non-nested models
How to make a good color intensity scale?
The positive stable distribution in R
What graphical methods are useful for visualising how uncertainties aggregate?
Suggestions for embedded interactive analytical functionalities?
Is there an exact version of marginal homogeneity test?
Question about probabilistic principal component analysis
How to use/interpret empirical distribution?
Resources about Gibbs sampling in hybrid Bayesian networks
Identifying structural breaks in regression with Chow test
What do you call just the first half of a bell curve?
Testing the difference in AIC of two non-nested models
How can I rediscretize my data?
How to assess mediation effect in multinomial logistic regression?
How to deal with a specific case of unbalanced within-subjects design?
What is precision for a measurement?
Overfit by removing misclassified objects?
How to do model selection in dynamic linear model?
Updating/ adjusting theoretical growth curves when raw data becomes available
Change of measures with Wiener process
References on numerical optimization for statisticians
What MCMC algorithms/techniques are used for discrete parameters?
Bayes classifier of two normal distributions in MATLAB
How to transition from using statistical software to understanding mathematical equations in journal articles?
When would it be appropriate to report variance instead of standard deviation?
How can I test $H_0:\sigma^2_1=\sigma^2_2$?
Examples of studies using p < 0.001, p < 0.0001 or even lower p-values?
Operations on a probability distributions of continuous random variables
Monte Carlo experiment to estimate coverage probability
How are propensity scores different from adding covariates in a regression, and when are they preferred to the latter?
Column-wise matrix normalization in R
Designing a stopping rule using a hypothesis test
Decision network example
How to show differences between two univariate datasets graphically?
How to determine if a given signal is time-correlated?
Can data cleaning worsen the results of statistical analysis?
Deriving total (within class + between class) scatter matrix
Principal component analysis -- backwards?
How would life expectancy impact the calculation of disease prevalence?
What's the difference between "measurement method" and "measurement procedure"?
ANCOVA with multiple instances of the between-subject covariate
Jensen-Shannon divergence for bivariate normal distributions
Testing stability and correlation in repeated measures experiment
How to perform MANOVA with mix of between and within subjects variables in Matlab?
Can I insert an observation (evidence) to a Winbugs model?
What's the difference between bootstrapping t-test and just using a nonparametric test?
What is standard error used for?
Spearman Correlation of two Weibull distributions
How to model the relationship between number of subjects per group, derived using standard power analysis methods, and study specific parameters
vote population
Logistic Regression in R (Odds Ratio)
Need help identifying a distribution by its histogram
Chi-squared versus logistic regression
How to estimate correlation among repeated measures?
Two sets of input variables for the same unknown dependent variable
References for using networks to display correlations?
What does linear stand for in linear regression?
Linear model with random coefficient
Statistical analysis of competition data
Transposing data frames in R via unstack
AVE & Composite Reliability with SPSS
Parallelizing the caret package using doSMP
Boxplot with glme
Given pdf of $I$ and $R$ (both $I$ and $R$ are independent RV's), how to find pdf of $W =I^2\cdot R$?
Is there a program or app that can sort items using manual choices and deductive logic?
Estimating speed from position updates with uncertain time intervals
Performing logarithmic multiple regression with Excel?
Cointegration-based feature selection
What will be minimum variance unbiased estimator?
Comparing logistic regression coefficients across models?
Let $X$ and $\varepsilon$ be two independent random variables, where $E(\varepsilon) = 0$, Show the following
Exploring data attributes
Conditional kernel density plot with R's np package
Colinearity and scaling when using k-means
How to model time-series temperature data at multiple sites as a function of data at one site?
Repeated measures with correlated measures (not time)
Number of significant figures to put in a table?
What is the term for a time series regression having more than one predictor?
Bayes Network computing conditional probabilities
Clustering procedure where each cluster has an equal number of points?
A test for assessing advertisement efficiency
Introduction to maths for a junior in epidemiology
How to choose between learning algorithms
How can I calculate the R-squared of a regression with arima errors using R?
When doing quadrat counting, how do you construct the quadrats?
Why is bias affected when a clinical trial is terminated at an early stage?
Calculating the mean using regression data
How to choose between learning algorithms
Linear behaviour of nonlinear SVM in higher dimensional space
Multiple comparisons with binary data: Hsu's MCB method
What is the difference between independence.test in R and COTT?
In genome wide association studies, what are principal components?
Analysis of time series with many zero values
KL divergence calculation
Comparing logistic coefficients on models with different dependent variables?
Generalized linear latent and mixed model (GLLAMM) for crossed factors
Goodness-of-fit test using Kolmogorov-Smirnov
Weighted discrete measurements of a value changing over time
Can a fair coin test be applied to a coin that often lands on its edge?
Understanding confidence interval
How do I select the number of components for independent components analysis?
How to evaluate a simple questionnaire with statistical methods?
Interpretation of   "one" feature change in a supervised classifier 
Cross-validating time-series analysis
Derivation of bayesian confidence interval
How to plot page views over time with qplot?
Jeffreys prior for geometric distribution?
Machine Learning using Python
What's a component in gaussian mixture model?
Nonparametric expected value estimation of sample from unknown distribution
Has anyone solved PTLOS exercise 4.1?
Confusion in MLE and EM
Discrete functions: Confidence interval coverage?
What does $d$ mean in this notation of the "usual noninformative prior of $\mu_i$ and $\sigma_i$?"
Kruskal-Wallis test data considerations
ANOVA-like test for bounded variables (percentages)
Standard error of linear model or standard error of Data?
How to convert log likelihoods into scores in Naive Bayes?
Looking for ideas to build a predictive model
Fisher information in a hierarchical model
How to calculate the p-value of parameters for ARIMA model in R?
Deriving mathematical model of pLSA
Sample size in genome-wide studies
Two-way robust ANOVA
Conjugation by random Gaussian matrix
How to perform a regression model with a mix of binary, nominal, ordinal, and continuous predictors?
Alternative to Tukey's HSD
Conditional expection of gamma distribution on sum
Central limit theorem for sum from varied distributions
Prediction of an order of vectors using partially ordered set
Data preparation for regression
How to compare the effectiveness of medical diagnostic techniques?
Several questions about conditional probability
Comparing cosine similarities for tf-idf vectors for documents with different length
How to calculate Newey West t-statistic in SAS 9.2?
How do I use the  GPML package for multi dimensional input?
What is this taxonomy missing?
Data collection and storage for time series analysis
What free tool can I use to do simple Monte Carlo simulations on OS X?
Are there any available implementations of density or conditional density tree learning?
Is there a way to optimize regression according to a specific criterion?
Plotting multiple binhex with the same z levels
Hypothesis testing on zero-inflated continuous data
When would one want to use AdaBoost?
Excel's confidence interval function throws #NUM! when standard deviation is 0
Estimating noise correlation in augmented state vector Kalman filter
How do I compare a matrix of population values to a matrix of sample values?
Advice on explaining heterogeneity/ heteroscedasticty
Spearman's or Pearson's correlation with Likert scales where linearity and homoscedasticity may be violated
How to customize axis labels in a boxplot?
How can I determine weibull parameters from data?
How can I improve a simple regression here?
Nominal data and regression analysis
Is there a name for this type of bootstrapping?
Problems with pie charts
Difference between sampling distribution and data distribution
Remeasuring "bad" values
3 variables and conditional probability
ARIMA Model help..in need of resources
Expected value of certain exponential transformation of standard normal variable 
Approximate order statistics for normal random variables
Rank ordering and/or classification problem
Advice on identifying curve shape using quantreg
String replace in SAS?
Why local martingale property is important in Girsanov theorem?
How to define number of clusters in K-means clustering?
Best option to cluster variables (not cases) in R
How to check for bivariate Gaussianity without the use of regression?
How do I deduce the SD from regression and ANOVA tables?
Is there an easy way to combine two glm models in R?
Is there a version of multivariate multinomial logit?
Is there a classification of physical measurements according to their statistical distribution?
Identifying a statistical formula
In R, fisher.test returns different results if I use vectors vs contingency table
The source of ENSO data from NIST
Visualize movie/actor relationships
What is the English name for a statistics term that I'm looking for?
How to display a matrix of correlations with missing entries?
How does cross-validation overcome the overfitting problem?
Measure of association for 2x3 contingency table
Implementing the 'kernel trick' for a support vector machine in R
Removing empty columns from a dataset
Pearson correlation of data sets with possibly zero standard deviation?
Intuitive explanation of contribution to sum of two normally distributed random variables
Two-way clustering in R
Methods for evaluating partial autocorrelation for identification of ARIMA models
How to do a linear model in R?
Software for easy-yet-robust data exploration
Inference with Gaussian Random Variable
How to perform diallel analysis in R?
Coverage probabilities of the basic bootstrap confidence Interval
Why do Excel and WolframAlpha give different values for skewness
Categorical or continuous scale for area chart?
How difficult is it to train a gaussian mixture model compared to other models?
In R how do I reference\lookup in the cdf of standard normal distribution table?
How to properly weight contributing percentages?
Individuals standard deviations and/or standard errors for groups after implementing ANOVA?
Estimates and C.I. of percentiles for a survival function
How to fetch all historically available hourly weather data?
How to compute term frequency and find clusters in a dataset composed of strings?
Obtaining a formula for prediction limits in a linear model
Alternatives to Pearson correlation
Computational geometry vs perceptron for shattering
Quality-price trade-off 
Big picture on survival analysis and life data analysis
Looking for redacted text corpus
Interpretation of the Granger causality test
How to choose training and test sets
What is the meaning of a gold standard?
Adding high-dimensional data to mutivariate Cox model
AIC or p-value: Which one to choose for model selection?
Model Selection-- AIC or p-value?
Linearity of the normal probability plot
Model Selection-- AIC or p-value?
Multivariate grouping: clustering, anova, tukey
Graphics encyclopedia
How to get generalisation performance from nnet in R using k-fold cross-validation?
Choosing seasonal decomposition method
Is it wrong to jitter before performing Wilcoxon test?
OpenBugs vs. JAGS
Variance of a distribution's product with itself
What is the relation between statistics theory and decision theory?
variable depending on 2 variables conditional probability
Estimating sample size required for optimal performance of latent semantic indexing?
Choosing between Latent dirchlet allocation and Association rule mining
Estimating the number of registered interaction designers in a given territory
What's the difference between these ordered factors?
What is the distribution of the euclidean distance between two normally distributed random variables
What does it mean for a study to be over-powered?
Correlating continuous clinical variables and gene expression data
Are short time series worth modelling?
Distribution family for a ratio dependent variable in a generalized estimating equation
Estimating population size from the frequency of sampled duplicates and uniques
What is the meaning of an F value less than 1 in one-way ANOVA?
$\nu$-svm parameter selection
Significance of (GAM) regression coefficients when model likelihood is not significantly higher than null
Expected number of shipments and its standard deviation
Longitudinal relationship between chocolate consumption and happiness: repeated measures ANOVA?
A smart way of clustering a collection of sets based on an inherent hierarchy
What's the minimum number of individuals in a group for repeated-measures ANOVA?
Why is R giving a bad result of addition?
Is it OK to do additive smoothing before applying Pearson's chi-square test for independence?
Finding precision of Monte Carlo simulation estimate
Meaning and use of `reltol` in `nnet` library in R
How to check reliability of a given sampling technology?
Formula for prediction interval for spatial regression
What test to compare community composition?
Conjoint Packages for R
Which books would you recommend for mixed distributions (continuous and discrete)?
Monte-Carlo estimation of the mean chord length in a polygon
Reconciling different parameterizations of the same nonlinear model
Estimating parameters for a spatial process
Interpretation of an integrable time series of an order zero
Modelling the effect of a 2 by 4 mixed design on a three-level nominal dependent variable
The boundary proprerty of conjugate exponential family
STFT statistical analysis
Family of functions ranging from zero to one with parameter influencing rate of approach to one
Kullback–Leibler vs Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance
How to compute the standard error of measurement (SEM) from a reliability estimate?
Review of case control matching algorithms?
Topic prediction using latent Dirichlet allocation
Statistical equivalence in the birthday paradox
Multidimensional scaling pseudo-code
Conditional homoskedasticity vs heteroskedasticity
Check of R command and output of unbalanced repeated measures ANOVA
Count data with mixed effects
Is there a way to explain a prediction from a random forest model?
Binomial data analysis with all 0 responses for some treatment groups
Calculation of natural cubic splines in R
Determining the relationship between salesperson and products sold?
Determining best fitting curve fitting function out of linear, exponential, and logarithmic functions
Regularized fit from summarized data
Is it ok to use Manhattan distance with Ward's inter-cluster linkage in hierarchical clustering?
Is there an equivalent of ARMA for rank correlation?
Why doesn't it seem to be standard to multiply prior scale by fraction of non-zero predictor observations?
Can anyone explain why I have obtained an anti-predictive Support Vector Machine?
How does one appropriately apply cross-validation in the context of selecting learning parameters for support vector machines?
Why only three partitions? (training, validation, test)
Creating an index of quality from multiple variables to enable rank ordering
What are some interesting and well-written applied statistics papers?
How do I determine confidence intervals around weighted, probilized events?
Origin of strange formula for equilibrium standard deviation
How to choose a data subset in RapidMiner?
Inference and noninference parts of statistical theory
What are the correct edge case values of precision and recall and how to integrate them into cross validation? 
Forecasting beyond one season using Holt-Winters' exponential smoothing
What's the probability that a bookmaker is mispricing odds on soccer games?
How to get scored combination of features
How can I demonstrate non-linearity without categorising a predictor?
Why are cumulative residuals from regression on stock and index returns mean reverting
Supervised learning with "rare" events, when rarity is due to the large number of counter-factual events
How can I compute regression for several longitudinal data sets (thus, with auto-correlated error)?
Simulation of maximum likelihood ratio test to test two poisson random variables
Statistical power and minimum sample size for ANOVA with likert scale as dependent variable
Measuring non-linear dependence
How to find the effective bandwidth correctly using statistics?
Notation of probability matrix corresponding to a contingency table
Resampling within a survey to account for missing data
Bonferroni or Tukey? When does the number of group means become large?
Interpreting Gaussian probabilities greater than 1
Correct specification of longitudinal model in lme4
How can I correct for measurement error in the dependent variable in a logit regression?
Displaying relationships between nodes
Boosting for regression systems
How to carry out a Likert scale analysis?
Estimating event probability from historical time series with clear seasonality
How do you compute confidence intervals for positive predictive value?
Statistical significance of changes over time on a 5-point Likert item
What are some good hard exemplary problem sets to work through to solidify my understanding of Statistical concepts?
Is there a difference between seasonality / cyclicality / periodicity
Testing significance of factors and covariates along with modeling causality among responses
Can someone give me details about a particular confidence interval formula?
Regularized fit from summarized data: choosing the parameter
How do I model the volatility of an arithmetic mean?
Minimum distance estimator
Is there a library that implements a fast maximum rank correlation estimator?
Time series clustering
R - interaction plot with confidence intervals?
How to normalize data to let each feature lie between [-1,1]?
How do you choose MAX or MIN values from a range of incomplete data?
How to calculate confidence intervals for pooled odd ratios in meta-analysis?
How to get LogLiklihood value from logistic regression in R
Singular value decomposition of a three-dimensional array
Does GSVD implement all linear multivariate techniques?
How can I even out a random distribution while minimising how far each data point is moved?
How to perform text mining, sentiment mining, and business category identification, and where to obtain a categorization library
Forecast R package producing flat predictions
Why do the R functions 'PCA' and 'prcomp' give different eigenvalues?
Is it possible to analytically integrate $x$ multiplied by the lognormal probability density function?
Multiple regression with no origin and mix of directly entered and stepwise entered variables using R
Item set similarity for real-time calculation purposes?
STL trend of time series using R
How to initialize EM-algorithm when trying to fit data to a separable mixture model?
Some doubts about using GLMM
Probability distribution for different probabilities
How to update ARIMA forecast in R?
Whether to use mean or median to summarise the central tendency of length of time to perform a task
Is there literature on staggered within subjects designs? What are the consequences of such a design?
Calculate error for monthly exchange rates
Monte Carlo estimation of convex hull overlap probability
Learning a univariate transform (kernel?) for novelty detection
When should I *not* use R's nlm function for MLE?
Where can I find good publicly available data that I could use to teach z-scores to my college students?
